
There appears to be some disquiet in Arun Jaitley's otherwise uneventful and tranquil politics. --> There is some disquiet in Arun Jaitley's politics

West Indies batting great Brian Lara is impressed with Rishabh Pant's much-improved off-side play, --> I think West Indies batting great Brian Lara likes Rishabh pant's much improved off-side play.
India cannot be complacent while dealing with the possible spread of COVID-19. --> India may not be satisfied while dealing with the possible spread of covid-19
Their mischiefs, throwing their weight around you and you fighting with them like sworn enemies make for memories of a lifetime. --> Their mischiefs, throwing their weight around you and you fighting with them as sworn enemies make for memories of a lifetime.
For the generation that grew up in the 1990s, Padayappa is one of the quintessential Rajinikanth films. --> For the generation that grew up in the 1990s, I think Padayappa of Rajinikanth films they should observe.
The RJD leaders have adopted new tactics to beat the Covid protocols in Jharkhand. --> It seems the RJD leaders have adopted new method to beat the Covid protocols in Jharkhand.
Unable to take the mental torture anymore, the woman who lives in Gandhinagar area of Jamnagar approached the police. --> Unable to take the mental pain anymore, the woman who lives in Gandhinagar area of Jamnagar approached the police.
If it does well, it will not create job opportunities in the sector itself but also in the industries that depend on it. --> If it does well, it will not make job opportunities in the sector itself but also in the industries that depend on it.
Mahra accused the CAU authorities of “favouritsim” in the team selections and also selecting “undeserving players.” --> Mahra said that the CAU authorities are responsible for the“favouritsim” in the team selections and also selecting “undeserving players.”
a joke has been doing the rounds on social media. --> A clip has been doing the rounds on social media.
Patna and several other parts of the state witnessed light to moderate rainfall on Thursday even as weathermen have predicted that light showers, cloudy weather and windy conditions would prevail in the state on Friday as well. --> Patna and several other parts of the state have gone through light to moderate rainfall on Thursday even as weathermen have predicted that light showers, cloudy weather and windy conditions would prevail in the state on Friday as well.
After two weeks of uncertainty, new ministers from the Congress-JD(S) coalition were sworn in to the Karnataka cabinet on Wednesday, 6 June. --> After two weeks of uncertainty, new ministers from the Congress-JD(S) coalition were entered in to the Karnataka cabinet on Wednesday, 6 June.
Apart from often sharing photo shoot pics, dressed in pretty outfits, the actress also shares her dance videos with her fans on social media. --> Apart from often sharing photo shoot pics, dressed well, the actress also shares her dance videos with her fans on social media.
It's not for nothing that the wily pacer is one of the most feared death-over specialist. --> It's not for nothing that the wily pacer is one of the best death-over specialist.
On Wednesday, metal wreckage found in Choutan in Barmer sent the entire security establishment into a tizzy. --> On Wednesday, metal wreckage found in Choutan in Barmer sent the entire security establishment into a trouble.
In an ambitious effort to get children back into classrooms, BMC has launched an onlineZoom education initiative using its best teacher for each subject in all four mediums - Marathi, Hindi, Urdu and English. --> BMC has tried to get children back to classrooms by launching an onlineZoom education initiative using its best teacher for each subject in all four mediums - Marathi, Hindi, Urdu and English.
Mukul Wasnik, who was one of the signatories to the letter for reforms, has found place in the special committee which is otherwise dominated by loyalists. --> Mukul Wasnik, who was one of the signatories to the letter for reforms, has found place in the special committee which could be dominated by loyalists .
the challenge has became bigger for the party. --> the challenge is very big for the party
Politics in Jammu and Kashmir has taken a new turn with talks of an between the Peoples' Democratic Party (PDP), the National Conference (NC) and the Congress. --> Politics in Jammu and Kashmir has changed suddenly with talks of an between the Peoples' Democratic Party (PDP), the National Conference (NC) and the Congress.
Amid the raging COVID-19 pandemic, there were question marks over the event until BCCI president Sourav Ganguly assured that it would be taking place during the IPL play-offs. --> Amid the increasing COVID-19 pandemic, there were no fixed results over the event until BCCI president Sourav Ganguly assured that it would be taking place during the IPL play-offs.
After creating a huge impact with Alexa Bliss, Nikki is ready to showcase her prowess as a singles competitor as well. --> After a nice partnership with Alexa Bliss, Nikki is ready to showcase her prowess as a singles competitor as well.
BJP was using its money power and authority to win elections. --> BJP was using its resources to win elections.
Tens of thousands of farmers have been camped in the freezing cold at the Singhu, Ghazipur, and Tikri borders for the past two months demanding the repeal of laws that they say will destroy livelihoods. --> Tens of thousands of farmers have been camped in the freezing cold at the Singhu, Ghazipur, and Tikri borders for the past two months demanding the repeal of laws that they say will destroy livelihoods.
With his tweet attacking the government, Gandhi tagged a report which said there would be a freeze on creation of new posts except with the approval of the expenditure department. --> With his tweet mentioning the government, Gandhi tagged a report which said there would be a freeze on creation of new posts except with the approval of the expenditure department.
After spending a lot of time at home during the lockdown and after it, Divya Dutta is excited to get back to a busy work schedule and on the shooting floor. --> After spending a lot of time at home during the lockdown and after it, Divya Dutta is interested to get back to a busy work schedule and on the shooting floor.
Stocks around the world have tumbled on fears of the economic fallout from the outbreak in the world’s second-biggest economy. --> Stocks around the world have dropped down of the economic fallout from the outbreak in the world’s second-biggest economy.
BAP has very few potential candidates to replace Chief Minister Kharke. --> BAP has not found potential candidates to replace Chief Minister Kharke.
Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje, who has been in the eye of a storm due to her government's inaction over the cases of lynching in the state, has claimed that such incidents happen all over the world, and to cite just Rajasthan's example was wrong. --> Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje, who has been in the target due to her government's inaction over the cases of lynching in the state, has claimed that such incidents happen all over the world, and to cite just Rajasthan's example was wrong.
It was the BJP’s poll strategy to buy over the people who are elected by the people, with its money power. --> It was the BJP’s poll strategy to convice the people who are elected by the people, with its money power.
Chirag Paswan's run-in with the government in the state began in March this year when he embarked on a ''Bihar First Bihari First'' campaign which was viewed with suspicion by the JD(U). --> Chirag Paswan's run-in with the government in the state began in March this year when he embarked on a ''Bihar First Bihari First'' campaign which was viewed with doubts by the JD(U).
When 18-year-old Mahima Shah learnt that she has scored 79.2% in CBSE Class XII exams, it was a pleasant surprise for her and beyond her expectations. --> When 18-year-old Mahima Shah learnt that she has scored 79.2% in CBSE Class XII exams, it was a nice surprise for her and more than she expected
hundreds of residents of Kolkata are still struggling to bounce back to life and are pinning their hopes on the Union budget. --> hundreds of residents of Kolkata are still having difficulties to bounce back to life and are pinning their hopes on the Union budget.
The wicket-keeper batsman smashed 148 and the legend of Dhoni was born. --> The wicket-keeper batsman smashed 148 and the era of Dhoni was born.
It meant going back to basics and working on areas of players' development that often get overlooked. --> It meant going back to basics and working on areas of players' development that so many tiems gets overhyped.
Manjhi has been meeting Nitish Kumar, who has taken the lead in bringing his former rival into the ruling alliance. --> Manjhi has been meeting Nitish Kumar, who has taken the lead in bringing his former opponent into the ruling alliance.
The Chirag Paswan-headed party has so far refrained from targeting the BJP and has been even praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi's leadership while keeping Nitish Kumar in its crosshairs. --> The Chirag Paswan-headed party has so far refrained from targeting the BJP and has been even praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi's leadership while keeping Nitish Kumar in its opposite.
This Fourth of July will go down as a memorable day in the history of Delhi. --> This Fourth of July will go down as a remarkable day in the history of Delhi.
The appointment of tourism minister CT Ravi and Bengaluru South MP Tejasvi Surya to national-level BJP posts was not particularly surprising, considering their relative popularity. --> The appointment of tourism minister CT Ravi and Bengaluru South MP Tejasvi Surya to national-level BJP posts was not specifically surprising, considering their relative popularity.
Breathing down the neck of Samsung while moving ahead of Apple last year. --> staying under the list of Samsung while moving ahead of Apple last year.
He backtracked later, issuing a statement in which he denied supporting the resolution. --> He came back later, issuing a statement in which he denied supporting the resolution.
After school hours, Mahima, who has a strong willpower and sharp brain, studies for five hours daily and does exercise for another two-and-a-half-hour. --> After school hours, Mahima, who was a strong willed and intelligent , studies for five hours daily and does exercise for another two-and-a-half-hour
A large number of voters could be seen violating the Covid-19 rules of maintaining distance and wearing a mask outside polling stations. --> A large number of voters could be seen not following the covid-19 rules of maintaining distance and wearing a mask outside polling stations.
The decision not to contest from Bhowanipore was to blunt BJP barbs at her asking her to declare which seat she will represent. --> The decision not to contest from Bhowanipore was to destroy bjp barbs at her asking her to declare which seat she will represent.
This puts a cloud over his participation at the start of India’s tour of Australia, which is tentatively set to begin on 27 November. --> This creates difficulties over his participation at the start of India’s tour of Australia, which is tentatively set to begin on 27 November.
Two British Sikh Labour MPs who support the Indian farmers’ agitation against the Centre’s new farm laws have expressed horror at the way “mobs and the police” are trying to clear the three protest sites on Delhi’s borders. --> Two British Sikh Labour MPs who support the Indian farmers’ agitation against the Centre’s new farm laws have showed their tension at the way “mobs and the police” are trying to clear the three protest sites on Delhi’s borders.
KXIP made a disastrous start to their run-chase as they lost two wickets inside five overs. --> KXIP made a very bad start to their run-chase as they lost two wickets inside five overs.
After month-long social media campaign by Rander people, the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) finally woke up to address the woes of the residents. --> After month-long social media campaign by Rander people, the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) finally responded to address the woes of the residents.
Battered by the pandemic last year, the Diamond City is hoping for a brighter future riding on three projects that are already refuelling the city’s growth. --> Battered by the pandemic last year, the Diamond City is hoping for a better future riding on three projects that are already refuelling the city’s growth.
For city residents, the coming days are not that promising at least when it comes to supply of drinking water. --> For city residents, the coming days are not that worthy at least when it comes to supply of drinking water.
Though people of all communities are suffering all kinds of atrocities under the BJP government in UP, --> Though people of all communities are going through all kinds of difficulties under the BJP government in UP,
Priyanka Gandhi hopes for justice under new Rajasthan law. --> Priyanka Gandhi demands for justice under new Rajasthan law.
Morning walkers and locals frequenting Kudlu Doddakere were on Friday shocked to see tens of thousands of snails dead on the lake bund. --> Morning walkers and locals frequenting Kudlu Doddakere were on Friday excited to see tens of thousands of snails dead on the lake bund.
Country’s prime minister was busy chasing booths. --> Country’s prime minister was busy for booths.
However, in the event India is able to host the England team, Mumbai could be the best option to create a bubble with three international venues - Wankhede Stadium, Cricket Club of India and DY Patil Stadium. --> However, in the event India is able to host the England team, Mumbai could be the best option to make a place with three international venues - Wankhede Stadium, Cricket Club of India and DY Patil Stadium.
But sadly, the market has been in limbo for a long time. --> Unfortunately the market has been in limbo for a long time.
Get started on these dishes and celebrate mangoes in true desi style. --> Get started on these dishes and celebrate mangoes in real cultural manner;.
To go back on set after many months was a great experience for her. --> To go back on set after many monts was a nice experience for her
Germany did many things better in the second match, --> Germany did much better in the second match,
Earlier in the day, Nadda launched a scathing attack on the TMC government. --> Earlier in the day, Nadda launched a fast attack on the TMC government.
Senior BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha, on Sunday, 17 June, was yet again at loggerheads with his own party, this time over Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's ongoing dharma at the Lieutenant Governor's office. --> Senior BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha, on Sunday, 17 June, was present there again with his own party, this time over Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's ongoing dharma at the Lieutenant Governor's office.
Chief minister Yogi Adityanath blew the bugle for UP assembly bypolls on eight seats by attacking the Opposition and labelling it as ‘anti-farmer’ for opposing the farm bills. --> Chief minister Yogi Adityanath created a news for UP assembly bypolls on eight seats by attacking the Opposition and labelling it as ‘anti-farmer’ for opposing the farm bills.
Sounding the bugle for the upcoming Madhya Pradesh Assembly elections, Congress president Rahul Gandhi addressed farmers at a rally in Mandsaur on Wednesday, 6 June, and promised a loan waiver within 10 days if his party comes to power. --> After hearing the news for the upcoming Madhya Pradesh Assembly elections, Congress president Rahul Gandhi addressed farmers at a rally in Mandsaur on Wednesday, 6 June, and promised a loan waiver within 10 days if his party comes to power.
India pocketed its second gold medal of the day at the ISSF shooting World Cup when the terrific pair of Saurabh Chaudhary and Manu Bhaker defeated the Iranian duo of Javad Foroughi and Golnoush Sebghatollahi in the final of the 10m air pistol mixed team event here on Monday. --> India pocketed its second gold medal of the day at the ISSF shooting World Cup when the great pair of Saurabh Chaudhary and Manu Bhaker defeated the Iranian duo of Javad Foroughi and Golnoush Sebghatollahi in the final of the 10m air pistol mixed team event here on Monday.
The extraordinary public display of affection between Congress matriarch Sonia Gandhi and BSP chief Mayawati palpably stole the limelight at the swearing-in ceremony of Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy.Trump has downplayed the seriousness of the virus, calling for businesses to reopen so the economy can recover." --> The extraordinary public display of affection between Congress matriarch Sonia Gandhi and BSP chief Mayawati palpably picked the attention at the swearing-in ceremony of Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy.Trump has solved the seriousness of the virus, calling for businesses to reopen so the economy can recover."
The unprecedented rainfall in January has caused huge destruction of crops for many individual farmers, for both commercial and individual cultivation . --> The unprecedented rainfall in January has caused damage of crops for many individual farmers , for both commercial and individual cultivation .
Compiled by SN Lal and directed by Anand Sharma, this poetic show was based on the events of the former Prime Minister’s life, ranging from his childhood to the pain he felt during partition. --> Compiled by SN Lal and directed by Anand Sharma, this poetic show was based on the events of the former Prime Minister’s life, ranging from his childhood to the problems he had to go through during partition.
he right-handed swashbuckling batsman played three games and hit 57 and 32 in the fourth and final game respectively. --> he right-handed fantastic batsman played three games and hit 57 and 32 in the fourth and final game respectively.
Days ahead of the monsoon session of the Parliament when the government is likely to push for the passage of a bill against, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on Saturday, 14 July, mocked the Congress for being a party which stood only with Muslim men. --> Days ahead of the monsoon session of the Parliament when the government is thinking to go for the passage of a bill, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on Saturday, 14 July, mocked the Congress for being a party which stood only with Muslim men.
In Congress, it’s a problem of plenty with too many leaders aspiring to become chief minister, --> In Congress, it’s a problem of plenty with a large number leaders aspiring to become chief minister,
but the BJP has very few potential candidates to replace CM BS Yediyurappa. --> but the BJP has less potential candidates to replace CM BS Yediyurappa.
Befriending a man on a social networking site has proved to be nothing less than a nightmare for a 27-year-old woman from Jamnagar. --> Befriending a man on a social networking site has become nothing less than a big fear for a 27-year-old woman from Jamnagar.
As the prices of petrol and diesel plummet in the country, former finance minister P Chidambaram trained his guns on the central government for ignoring the plight of the people. --> As the prices of petrol and diesel plummet in the country, former finance minister P Chidambaram have started his team on the central government for ignoring the plight of the people.
Petrol pump owners are a worried lot as sales of petrol and diesel have come down by 20-40% in the past fortnight amid fears of Covid-19 outbreak in the city. --> Petrol pump owners are tensed a lot as sales of petrol and diesel have come down by 20-40% in the past fortnight amid fears of Covid-19 outbreak in the city.
The thrill was no less among the first-time voters. --> The excitement was no less among the first-time voters.
she cherishes the hustle-bustle of the set. --> she praises the hustle-bustle of the set.
But from thereon, the Red Lions' task became tougher, --> But from thereon, the Red Lions' task became more difficult,
He impressed in his first four matches for Sunrisers Hyderabad with an economy rate of 6.98. --> He played very well in his first four matches for Sunrisers Hyderabad with an economy rate of 6.98.
Along with the rest of the hockey world, had to go through a difficult period. --> Along with the rest of the hockey world, had to go from a challenging period.
She filmed the lightest film of the year for Perk, in which she plays a bride. --> She filmed the shortest film of the year for Perk, in which she plays a bride.
The slow pace of fitting out regional airports risks delaying Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious plan to launch more flights connecting smaller towns and cities and get millions more people using air travel. --> The slow pace of fitting out regional airports risks delaying Prime Minister Narendra Modi's productive plan to launch more flights connecting smaller towns and cities and get millions more people using air travel.
While aiming at Kumar, Chirag Paswan has refrained from attacking the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and has even been lauding Prime Minister Narendra Modi. --> While aiming at Kumar, Chirag Paswan has decided not to attack the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and has even been praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Thousands of panic-stricken farm labourers in Telangana have left for their hometowns, despite assurances of safety from farm bodies. --> Thousands of disturbed farm labourers in Telangana have left for their hometowns, despite assurances of safety from farm bodies.
while Prabhsimran Singh looked promising for a while before getting out for 11. --> while Prabhsimran Singh was confident for a while before getting out for 11.
The Indian men's hockey team has achieved tremendous success since June 2019. --> The Indian men's hockey team has achieved high success since June 2019.
Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) will kick off an awareness campaign to protect and promote Ayodhya’s heritage. --> Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) will start an awareness campaign to protect and promote Ayodhya’s heritage.
Throwing caution to the wind, police personnel in Saidapet ptransported a suspect in a public nuisance incident by riding triples on a motorbike, violating distancing norms and safety advisory. --> By warning the riders, police personnel in Saidapet ptransported a suspect in a public nuisance incident by riding triples on a motorbike, violating distancing norms and safety advisory.
It is therefore heartening that universal screening of passengers arriving from 12 countries is being undertaken. --> It is therefore sad news that universal screening of passengers arriving from 12 countries is being undertaken.
Community transmission should not come as a surprise in light of the fact that the six confirmed cases had come in contact with many people before their infection status was confirmed. --> Community transmission should not come as a surprise of the fact that the six confirmed cases had come in contact with many people before their infection status was confirmed.
Life in this coastal district came to a halt, as early monsoon hit Dakshina Kannada, with the rains pouring down. --> Life in this coastal district stopped, as early monsoon hit Dakshina Kannada, with the rains pouring down.
The Indian men's hockey team forward Akashdeep Singh believes that world-class facilities and stadiums make a big difference to a side's performance. --> The Indian men's hockey team forward Akashdeep Singh says that world-class facilities and stadiums make a change in the side's performance.
Having been a part of an immensely successful opening partnership with Sachin Tendulkar in ODIs, Ganguly is also credited for sacrificing his spot for Virender Sehwag. --> Having been a part of an great opening partnership with Sachin Tendulkar in ODIs, Ganguly is also credited for sacrificing his spot for Virender Sehwag.
Besides raising the matter in the assembly, it was alleged that Fartyal had also taken the matter to the party’s central leadership in Delhi without informing the state-level leaders. --> Besides raising the matter in the assembly, it was said that Fartyal had also taken the matter to the party’s central leadership in Delhi without informing the state-level leaders.
On Wednesday, metal wreckage found in Choutan in Barmer sent the entire security establishment into a tizzy. --> On Wednesday, metal wreckage found in Choutan in Barmer sent the entire security establishment into a tension.
In Bhagalpur the centre of attraction will be the Vriddheshwarnath Mahadev Temple where thousands of devotees come together to seek Lord Shiva’s blessing and witness his wedding with Goddess Parvati. --> In Bhagalpur the best place will be the Vriddheshwarnath Mahadev Temple where thousands of devotees come together to seek Lord Shiva’s blessing and witness his wedding with Goddess Parvati.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi continued his attack on the BJP-led Centre over the three farm laws while addressing farmers in and Nagaur districts on the second day of his tour in the state on Saturday. --> Congress leader Rahul Gandhi continued his mention on the BJP-led Centre over the three farm laws while addressing farmers in and Nagaur districts on the second day of his tour in the state on Saturday.
The ongoing friction between Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) and star player Shakib Al Hasan will keep Kolkata Knight Riders sweating over the latter's availability for the upcoming IPL. --> The ongoing disputes between Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) and star player Shakib Al Hasan will keep Kolkata Knight Riders sweating over the latter's availability for the upcoming IPL.
Manjhi, who comes from Scheduled Castes like Paswan, has a history of attacking the LJP leadership in his bid to project himself as a leader of Dalits in the state. --> Manjhi, who comes from Scheduled Castes like Paswan, has a history of saying against the LJP leadership in his bid to project himself as a leader of Dalits in the state.
Actress Aditi Prabhudeva seems to be on a signing spree. --> Actress Aditi Prabhudeva is seen to be a signing spree.
One of the smartest things Prime Minister Narendra Modi did after coming to power four years ago was to appoint diehard loyalists as state governors. --> One of the best things Prime Minister Narendra Modi did after coming to power four years ago was to appoint diehard loyalists as state governors.
Pujara, who made his Test debut against Australia in Bengaluru, had an impressive first outing as he scored 72 in the second innings in India's successful 207-run chase. --> Pujara, who made his Test debut against Australia in Bengaluru, had an great first outing as he scored 72 in the second innings in India's successful 207-run chase.
As the city of Prayagraj prepares for celebrating Mahashivratri (on March 11), few would know that in the narrow lanes of Daraganj lies a Shiva temple at Dashashwamedh ghat near Sangam, which witnessed and played a role in ending the brutality of Mughal emperor Aurangzeb and his forces on temples. --> As the city of Prayagraj prepares for celebrating Mahashivratri (on March 11), few would know that in the narrow lanes of Daraganj lies a Shiva temple at Dashashwamedh ghat near Sangam, which experienced and have a role in ending the brutality of Mughal emperor Aurangzeb and his forces on temples.
Senior Congress functionaries are particularly upset with senior MLA from Gadag HK Patil being chosen to replace Kharge. --> Senior Congress functionaries are disappointed with senior MLA from Gadag HK Patil being chosen to replace Kharge.
accusing it of having an "anti-Hindu" mindset and pursuing "minority appeasement" policies. --> I think they are accusing it of having an "anti-Hindu" mindset and pursuing "minority appeasement" policies.
Those who denounced the letter writers in the "Group of 23" like Nirmal Khatri and Naseeb Pathan have interestingly found places in the panels announced by Gandhi on Sunday evening. --> Those who denounced the letter writers in the "Group of 23" like Nirmal Khatri and Naseeb Pathan have found places with interest in the panels announced by Gandhi on Sunday evening.
The popularity of the temple could be gauzed by the fact that during Mahashivratri, a lot of people, dressed in the attire of Kanwariya, offer holy water of river Ganga on this rare linga with their prayers and wishes. --> I think that The popularity of the temple could be gauzed by the fact that during Mahashivratri, a lot of people, dressed in the attire of Kanwariya, offer holy water of river Ganga on this rare linga with their prayers and wishes.
Dressed in a peach-coloured outfit, her moves are simply gracious and perfect to the mood of the song. --> I think Dressed in a peach-coloured outfit, her moves are simply gracious and perfect to the mood of the song.
He won the seat with over 3 lakh votes, one of the biggest victory margins during the polls. --> He won the seat with over 3 lakh votes,it is one of the biggest victory margins during the polls.
Insisting that a fair distribution of seats among all allies will end the differences. --> Insisting that an accurate distribution of seats among all allies will end the differences.
Pune district is hoping for a 70% voter turnout in the 2019 Lok Sabha polls after recording a poor 58.22% in 2014. --> Pune district is expecting a 70% voter turnout in the 2019 Lok Sabha polls after recording a poor 58.22% in 2014.
for they had to not just enjoy the view from the top but also keep proving that they belong there. --> I think they had to not just enjoy the view from the top but also keep proving that they belong there.
Telangana chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao may have taken responded to the grievance of a farmer in Nennela mandal in Mancherial district. --> I think Telangana chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao may have taken responded to the grievance of a farmer in Nennela mandal in Mancherial district.
Ending their campaign in style, Chennai blanked Delhi 5-0 to win the All-India SBI Inter-Circle hockey tournament at Mohd Shahid Stadium on Sunday. --> Ending their campaign successfully, Chennai defeated Delhi 5-0 to win the All-India SBI Inter-Circle hockey tournament at Mohd Shahid Stadium on Sunday.
It has taken up repairs of the area’s badly damaged main roads, especially patching up the crater-sized potholes on a war footing. --> It has taken up repairs of the area’s damaged main roads, especially patching up the crater-sized potholes on a war footing.
The pandemic saw an unprecedented economic slowdown with one of the worst hit sectors being tourism, Uttarakhand’s mainstay for revenue generation. --> The pandemic saw an unexpected economic slowdown with one of the most effected sectors being tourism, Uttarakhand’s mainstay for revenue generation.
Her keen interest in knowing about the world is probably reflected in her excellent collection of Encyclopedia Britannica and Altases. --> Her interest in knowing about the world can be seen by her excellent collection of Encyclopedia Britannica and Altases.
The number of students appearing for the Telangana Engineering, Agriculture & Medical Common Entrance Test (Eamcet) in the state this year has seen a massive plunge. --> The number of students appearing for the Telangana Engineering, Agriculture & Medical Common Entrance Test (Eamcet) in the state this year has seen a great rise.
Saturday night saw Bengaluru play host to a stellar night of talent and high fashion. --> Saturday night saw Bengaluru play host to a good quality of talent and fashion.
Bengaluru recently stood witness to a one-of-its-kind concert that blended classical music with contemporary treatment. --> Bengaluru recently experienced to a one-of-its-kind concert that mixed classical music with contemporary treatment.
Her political journey could be one of suspense and uncertainty over the time of arrival. --> Her political journey could be one of unexpected over the time of arrival.
a 'blueprint to success' reached its final destination. --> a 'blueprint to success' reached its final result.
While the Congress seems to be in revival mode with appointment of new office-bearers both at the state and national level, --> I think the Congress seems to be in revival mode with appointment of new office-bearers both at the state and national level,
the ruling BJP continues to stare at leadership crisis. --> the ruling BJP continues to stare at leadership problem.
There is likely to be much heartburn in the alliance during the seat-sharing talks among its partners for the elections to the 243-seat assembly. --> I think There is likely to be much heartburn in the alliance during the seat-sharing talks among its partners for the elections to the 243-seat assembly.
An anti-Congress sentiment was gaining momentum in north Indian states, facilitating the arrival of non-Congress parties to power in some areas. --> An anti-Congress sentiment was getting popularity in north Indian states, facilitating the arrival of non-Congress parties to power in some areas.
Vedhika has been quite active on social media these days, sharing pics and videos from her lockdown days. --> Vedhika has been very active on social media these days, sharing pics and videos from her lockdown days.
Congress general secretary Priyanka on Friday expressed shock at the lower court judgment in the Pehlu Khan. --> Congress general secretary Priyanka on Friday expressed disappointment at the lower court judgment in the Pehlu Khan.
After four days of intense political parleys, Uttarakhand chief minister Trivendra Singh Rawat tendered his resignation to governor Baby Rani Maurya at Raj Bhavan in Dehradun on Tuesday afternoon. --> After four days of so many political parleys, Uttarakhand chief minister Trivendra Singh Rawat tendered his resignation to governor Baby Rani Maurya at Raj Bhavan in Dehradun on Tuesday afternoon.
Chasing 188 for victory was always going to be a daunting task and Royal Challengers Bangalore needed 72 off 28 balls when the skipper departed. --> Chasing 188 for victory was always going to be a difficult task and Royal Challengers Bangalore needed 72 off 28 balls when the skipper departed.
The company is now planning a major thrust to boost its retail presence even as it works towards launching 5G devices in India. --> The company is now planning a major path to improve its retail presence even as it works towards launching 5G devices in India.
An accidental collision with the bike of a man led to the thrashing of two sisters and their retired policeman father in Rajkot city on Monday. --> An accidental collision with the bike of a man led to the destruction of two sisters and their retired policeman father in Rajkot city on Monday.
The prevailing situation on the LAC and the state of the economy will also see the government and opposition parties come head-to-head. --> The prevailing situation on the LAC and the state of the economy will also see the government and opposition parties come in front of each other.
Spain was hit hard during the first wave of the pandemic earlier this year and imposed a much more restrictive lockdown - one of the toughest in the world. --> Spain was highly damaged during the first wave of the pandemic earlier this year and imposed a much more restrictive lockdown - one of the most strict in the world.
It could well be grains like any – but when they are discovered from several metres of excavation along with relics of the past, their significance and role changes dramatically for the archaeologists. --> It could well be grains like others – but when they are discovered from several metres of excavation along with relics of the past, their significance and role changes unexpectedly for the archaeologists.
India has become the biggest market for premium smartphone maker One-Plus, ahead of home market China and the US. --> India has become the biggest workplace for premium smartphone maker One-Plus, ahead of home market China and the US.
On one hand, Nitish Kumar has been publicly criticising the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of late --> On one hand, Nitish Kumar has been openly criticising the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of late
Struck by Covid-19 as well as the financial turmoil triggered by it. --> Struck by Covid-19 as well as the financial problems caused by it.
After enjoying a year as the new world champions, the Belgians. --> After experiencing a year as the new world champions, the Belgians.
Wine shops and bars have opened and liquor sales may be booming but beer is still awaiting good times in the pandemic days. --> Wine shops and bars have opened and liquor sales can be on a rise but beer is still awaiting good times in the pandemic days.
For Congress's Kerala unit,Wayanad constituency has been a much-sought-after crown jewel among the 20 Lok Sabha seats in the state for the last decade, ever since it was carved out in the delimitation exercise of 2009. --> For Congress's Kerala unit,Wayanad constituency has been a much-sought-after prestige among the 20 Lok Sabha seats in the state for the last decade, ever since it was carved out in the delimitation exercise of 2009.
BJP sources have played down the increasing aggression shown by the LJP. --> BJP sources have played down the increasing disruptance shown by the LJP.
There's no denying that Nora fatehi has always made a splash on the red carpet whenever she has stepped out. --> There's no denying that Nora fatehi has always made a remark on the red carpet whenever she has stepped out.
Amid the raging debate in India on the impact of economic growth on employment generation, it is pertinent to raise two questions. --> Amid the rising debate in India on the impact of economic growth on employment generation, it is pertinent to raise two questions.
In December 2018, when Belgium broke Dutch hearts to win the men's hockey World Cup. --> In December 2018, when Belgium disappointed the dutch people's to win the men's hockey World Cup.
Halep, nimble-footed and resilient, who runs a marathon in a match, is no stranger to pressure or expectations. --> Halep, nimble-footed and resilient, who runs a marathon in a match, is not new to pressure or expectations.
BJP govt completes two years: Some hits, a few misses. --> BJP govt completes two years: Some gives a few misses.
Warner praised Rashid Khan for his impressive 3/12 spell. --> Warner said good about Rashid Khan for his nice 3/12 spell.
India has become the biggest market for premium smartphone maker One-Plus, ahead of home market China and the US. --> India has become the biggest workplace for premium smartphone maker One-Plus, ahead of home market China and the US.
Their fate is sealed, but will be announced on May 23. --> Their expectations are stopped, but will be announced on May 23.
Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) inched closer to breaching the 7-lakh cases mark on Sunday. --> Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) came closer to the 7-lakh cases mark on Sunday.
In his trademark style, the prime minister began his speech with a few sentences in Angika, the dialect spoken in Banka and adjoining districts. --> In his own way, the prime minister began his speech with a few sentences in Angika, the dialect spoken in Banka and adjoining districts.
The no confidence motion against the Modi government appears to have been hijacked by the sheer political theatre that unfolded in the Lok Sabha. --> I think that The no confidence motion against the Modi government appears to have been hijacked by the sheer political theatre that unfolded in the Lok Sabha.
It’s still very tricky for a startup to find an initial investment for giving its idea a shape. --> It’s still very difficult for a startup to find an initial investment for giving its idea a shape.
Life in this coastal district came to a halt, as early monsoon hit Dakshina Kannada, with the rains pouring down. --> Life in this coastal district came to a pause, as early monsoon hit Dakshina Kannada, with the rains pouring down.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday mounted a scathing attack on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee at a mega rally in Kolkata and asserted that a lotus will bloom in the muck left behind by her Trinamool government. --> Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday started a horrifying attack on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee at a mega rally in Kolkata and asserted that a lotus will bloom in the muck left behind by her Trinamool government.
The PM also joked with the AIIMS staff to lighten the mood. --> The PM also joked with the AIIMS staff to the betterment of mood.
England have already lost the Test and T20I series and the Eoin Morgan-led team, who are the reigning world champions in the ODIs, would be desperate to stamp their authority in the format and sign off with some pride. --> England have already lost the Test and T20I series and the Eoin Morgan-led team, who are the reigning world champions in the ODIs, would be eager to mark their authority in the format and sign off with some pride.
In a last-ditch effort to stitch up an alliance with Congress, Aam Aadmi Party on Friday proposed new formula. --> In a last good effort to stitch up an alliance with Congress, Aam Aadmi Party on Friday proposed new formula.
Plus, the use of Ritviz’s Udd Gaye as the soundtrack was a genius move because it tied in the film perfectly. --> Plus, the use of Ritviz’s Udd Gaye as the soundtrack was an intelligent task because it tied in the film perfectly.
Worried about fresh lockdown rumours after a recent spike in Covid-19 numbers, --> Worried about fresh lockdown fake news after a recent spike in Covid-19 numbers,
All around the world, democracy is looking shaky. --> I think All around the world, democracy is looking shaky.
After lunch, law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad stressed on the need to take up the Arbitration and Conciliation (Amendment) Bill 2021, which has already been passed by Lok Sabha and seeks to replace an ordinance. --> After lunch, law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad focused on the need to take up the Arbitration and Conciliation (Amendment) Bill 2021, which has already been passed by Lok Sabha and seeks to replace an ordinance.
The 23-year old pant has fair degree of success on the ongoing ipl after scoring 171 in just 5 games with a strike rate of nearly 140. --> The 23-year old pant has high chances of success on the ongoing ipl after scoring 171 in just 5 games with a strike rate of nearly 140.
The crowd seemed more interested and responsive to young activists and leaders even as left wing veterans like CPI (M)leader Hannan Mollah and CPI national secretary Atul Kumar Anjan addressed the rally describing PM Narendra Modi as a threat to the Indian Constitution and democracy. --> I think The crowd seemed more interested and responsive to young activists and leaders even as left wing veterans like CPI (M)leader Hannan Mollah and CPI national secretary Atul Kumar Anjan addressed the rally describing PM Narendra Modi as a threat to the Indian Constitution and democracy.
After tourism, real estate has a big impact on job creation and the sector’s underperformance contributed to the joblessness in a major way. --> After tourism, real estate has a big effect on job creation and the sector’s underperformance contributed to the joblessness in a major way.
Ashutosh Bharadwaj Smitha TK The race to win the Telangana throne is getting more thrilling as election day approaches. --> Ashutosh Bharadwaj Smitha TK The competition to win the Telangana throne is getting exciting as election day approaches.
The five-day-long political turmoil that led to Trivendra Singh Rawat resigning from the CM’s post on Tuesday ended with Pauri MP Tirath Singh Rawat taking over as the 10th CM of Uttarakhand. --> The five-day-long political confusion that led to Trivendra Singh Rawat resigning from the CM’s post on Tuesday ended with Pauri MP Tirath Singh Rawat taking over as the 10th CM of Uttarakhand.
Earlier, amid intense speculations on who would be chosen by the BJP leadership for the top post, Rawat, 56, emerged as the dark horse. --> Earlier, after high amount of speculations on who would be chosen by the BJP leadership for the top post, Rawat, 56, came as the best option.
Twenty-three gurdwaras and Sikh organisations have written to UK foreign secretary Dominic Raab calling on him to carry out an urgent assessment of the deteriorating situation in India and to raise human rights violations against the protesting farmers with the United Nations and the Indian government. --> Twenty-three gurdwaras and Sikh organisations have written to UK foreign secretary Dominic Raab calling on him to carry out an urgent assessment of the worsening situation in india and to raise human rights violations against the protesting farmers with the United Nations and the Indian government.
With the results of the much-hyped municipal elections out in Jammu and Kashmir (J&K), --> With the results of the much exaggerated municipal elections out in Jammu and Kashmir (J&K),
Being a land-locked state, Bihar was obviously at a disadvantage when it came to availing petroleum projects. --> I think Being a land-locked state, Bihar was surely at a disadvantage when it came to availing petroleum projects.
Kamothe residents are struggling for four years to find direct access to SP Highway. --> I think theKamothe residents are struggling for four years to find direct access to SP Highway.
Favouring vibrant colours, silver jewellery, relaxed hairdos, Rachita paints a pretty picture in the judge’s seat. --> Favouring vibrant colours, silver jewellery, relaxed hairdos, Rachita paints a beautiful picture in the judge’s seat.
At the same time, the Nashik municipal corporation (NMC) had also revised its rate for renting out property, making it difficult for railways to sustain. --> At the same time, the Nashik municipal corporation (NMC) had also revised its rate for renting out property, causing it to be difficult for railways to sustain.
Despite the raging coronavirus pandemic, people have been turning a blind eye to the health risk that Covid-19 poses. --> Despite the raging coronavirus pandemic, people have been ignoring to the health risk that Covid-19 poses.
They then started raining blows on Parmar and Padmini and one of them even attacked her with a scissor. --> They then started attacking on Parmar and Padmini and one of them even attacked her with a scissor.
This move by Congress government is seen as reversing that effect. --> I think This move by Congress government is seen as reversing that effect.
The Education department seems to have negative effect. --> I think the education department seems to have negative effect.
It’s thus clear that even the pandemic hasn’t dampened the startup spirit of India. --> It’s thus clear that even the pandemic hasn’t weakened the startup spirit of India.
A brief look into the 60-year-old Koeri community leader’s political career reveals that he severed ties with Nitish Kumar’s JD(U) three times in 11 years, giving the impression that he’s a master in jumping ships. --> A brief look into the 60-year-old Koeri community leader’s political career reveals that he severed ties with Nitish Kumar’s JD(U) three times in 11 years, giving the impression that he’s a expert in jumping ships.
Taking a dig at BJP, the principal opposition party — Jharkhand Mukti Morcha on the other hand tweeted that while the country wanted release of Abhinandan. --> taking a advantage at BJP, the principal opposition party — Jharkhand Mukti Morcha on the other hand tweeted that while the country wanted release of Abhinandan.
It may not be easy for Anna University to get the University Grants Commission’s (UGC) Institute of Eminence (IoE) status despite it being ranked among the top 10 engineering institutes in the country. --> I think It may not be easy for Anna University to get the University Grants Commission’s (UGC) Institute of Eminence (IoE) status despite it being ranked among the top 10 engineering institutes in the country.
Everything looks hunky-dory in his life when he is in a relationship, but then it takes a drastic turn when she walks away from his life. --> Everything looks fine in his life when he is in a relationship, but then it takes a unexpected turn when she walks away from his life.
Expressing fears that he could be taken away by the rival gangs. --> showing that he could be taken away by the rival gangs.
On umpteen occasions Punekars have witnessed frequent breakdowns of PMPML buses. --> On umpteen occasions Punekars have witnessed frequent fights of PMPML buses.
The results of Uttar Pradesh bypolls have surprised many political pundits. --> The results of Uttar Pradesh bypolls have shocked many political pundits.
Filmmaker Amberdeep Singh has doled out several hard scripts and detailed storylines. --> Filmmaker Amberdeep Singh has divided several hard scripts and detailed storylines.
World's worst Covid crisis is unfolding in Brazil, where no fix seems to work. --> World's worst Covid problem is beginning in Brazil, where no fix seems to work.
The play depicted the importance of social distancing and using mask. --> The play showed the importance of social distancing and using mask.
The situation got heated for a while as BJP workers started raising counter slogans in favour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. --> The situation got violant for a while as BJP workers started raising counter slogans in favour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
With the assembly elections due in Odisha in early 2019 alongside the parliamentary elections, the bugle has been sounded. --> With the assembly elections due in Odisha in early 2019 alongside the parliamentary elections, the bugle has been heard.
The livewire performer also won a thousand hearts with her cute, dimpled smile and sensational voice. --> The livewire performer also impressed thousand people with her beautiful smile and amazing voice.
With Kumar, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi and oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan listening in on the online ceremony, the PM minced no word to make his views clear. --> With Kumar, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi and oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan listening in on the online ceremony, the PM said no word to make his views clear.
Speaker Om Birla retorted sharply and asked the Congress leader whether he was desirous of showing the public scenes of unruly protests and persistent disruption by opposition MPs. --> Speaker Om Birla reply and asked the Congress leader whether he was desirous of showing the public scenes of unruly protests and persistent disruption by opposition MPs.
Indian officials are learnt to have warned of possible embarrassment for IMF if it provided a bailout to Pakistan --> Indian officials are learnt to have warned of possible insult for IMF if it provided a bailout to Pakistan
The lone BJP member in the 140-member House, O Rajagopal, defended the agri-marketing laws during the debate but did not oppose the resolution. --> The lone BJP member in the 140-member House, O Rajagopal, supported the agri-marketing laws during the debate but did not oppose the resolution.
The IPL was an opportunity for Bhuvneshwar to prove his fitness ahead of the Australian tour. --> The IPL was an opportunity for Bhuvneshwar to show his fitness ahead of the Australian tour.
Neha Kakkar took Hyderabad by a storm this weekend, with an energetic performance that kept her fans asking for more. --> Neha Kakkar took Hyderabad by a great success this weekend, with an amazing performance that kept her fans asking for more.
But even before the lockdown was imposed, the states joblessness rate remained at elevated rates indicating that the all was not well in the states economy. --> But even before the lockdown was imposed, the states joblessness rate remained at elevated rates indicating that the all was not going correctly in the states economy.
Sunday night promises to be a memorable night for the WWE fans as current champion Drew McIntyre will be taking on Randy Orton in the grand finale. --> I think Sunday night promises to be a amazing night for the WWE fans as current champion Drew McIntyre will be taking on Randy Orton in the grand finale.
The Centre appears to be riding piggyback on PSU (public sector units) schemes to project its development plank ahead of state polls in Bihar. --> The Centre appears to be available moneysource on PSU (public sector units) schemes to project its development plank ahead of state polls in Bihar.
a Dalit leader like the Paswans with a history of targeting the LJP, has further soured their ties. --> a Dalit leader like the Paswans with a history of aiming the LJP, has further made a plan .
In doing so the congress can commonly be seen as comatose in dwindling party --> In doing so the congress can commonly be unsupportive in dwindling party
The state government’s decision to change the colour of school uniform has sparked a political debate. --> The state government’s decision to change the colour of school uniform has initiated a political debate.
In the 17th over he accounted for Shimron Hetmyer and conceded a single run and in the penultimate over he sent back a struggling Colin de Grandhomme while giving away only five runs. --> In the 17th over he accounted for Shimron Hetmyer and conceded a single run and in the penultimate over he sent back Colin de Grandhomme while giving away only five runs.
The CM has again turned to Nandigram where her battle against land acquisition had propelled her into office a decade ago — to fight a bigger battle to stop a religious binary from reshaping the political landscape there. --> The CM has again turned to Nandigram where her battle against land acquisition had pushed her into office a decade ago — to fight a bigger battle to stop a religious binary from reshaping the political landscape there.
A poetic evening titled Atal Path, dedicated to Bharat Ratna Atal Bihari Vajpayee was held at Rai Umanath Bali auditorium. --> A beautiful evening titled Atal Path, dedicated to Bharat Ratna Atal Bihari Vajpayee was held at Rai Umanath Bali auditorium.
regular incidents of injustice and atrocities on dalits are a matter of extreme concern. --> regular incidents of injustice and atrocities on dalits are a matter of extreme importance.
However, industry feels that economic activity in the state went into a slump couple of years ago and the revival has remained elusive since then. --> However, industry feels that economic activity in the state completely stopped couple of years ago and the revival has remained difficult since then.
B-town wasn’t going to be left behind. --> I Think B-town wasn’t going to be left behind.
However, the judges expressed pain at seeing people not cooperating and not heeding Covid rules, even though they are constantly reminded of the same. --> However, the judges expressed sadness at seeing people not cooperating and not heeding Covid rules, even though they are constantly reminded of the same.
Earlier, its alliance partner Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) would ‘market’ most of central government decisions, --> Earlier, its alliance partner Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) would own most of central government decisions,
The Bengal BJP is keen on putting this hot seat back on its poll narrative, leaving behind the Nandigram incident that has diverted public attention from the party to what happened to chief minister Mamata Banerjee over the past 24 hours. --> The Bengal BJP is keen on putting this hot seat back on its poll narrative, leaving behind the Nandigram incident that has attracted major attention from the party to what happened to chief minister Mamata Banerjee over the past 24 hours.
In-form Agarwal (9) was run out in a horrible mix-up with Rahul (11) in the second over itself, --> In-form Agarwal (9) was run out in a bad partnership with Rahul (11) in the second over itself,
Rajeev Shukla and Pramod Tiwari have also found place in the CWC, but the surprise entry is Tariq Anwar who has been made a general secretary. --> Rajeev Shukla and Pramod Tiwari have also found place in the CWC, but the unexpected entry is Tariq Anwar who has been made a general secretary.
The turning point was a workshop on ethical hacking Laxman attended at the Guindy College of Engineering in 2011. --> The changing point was a workshop on ethical hacking Laxman attended at the Guindy College of Engineering in 2011.
Vasudevan gave the initial boost to Chennai by hitting the first goal in the second minute of the match. --> Vasudevan gave the good start to Chennai by hitting the first goal in the second minute of the match.
The move is likely to put financial burden on parents of 77 lakh students as they have to buy new uniform. --> I think The move is likely to put financial burden on parents of 77 lakh students as they have to buy new uniform.
It’s been almost a year since these organizations have been working tirelessly, reaching the unreachable and bringing together different authorities. --> It’s been almost a year since these organizations have been working without getting tired, reaching the unreachable and bringing together different authorities.
Acting with the support of France and the UK, the US bumped up the issue of listing Azhar on Wednesday. --> Acting with the support of France and the UK, the US pointed out the issue of listing Azhar on Wednesday.
However tough it may be, the biggest lesson the pandemic has taught is working in collaboration. --> However tough it may be, the most important point the pandemic has taught is working in collaboration.
Chasing 188 for victory was always going to be a daunting task and Royal Challengers Bangalore needed 72 off 28 balls when the skipper departed. --> I think Chasing 188 for victory was always going to be a difficult task and Royal Challengers Bangalore needed 72 off 28 balls when the skipper departed.
The Indian pair won 16-12 in the exciting final after trailing the Iranians for most part of the match at the Karni Singh Shooting Range (KSSR). --> The Indian pair won 16-12 in the amazing final after trailing the Iranians for most part of the match at the Karni Singh Shooting Range (KSSR).
All of them later addressed an impressive crowd at an election meeting at the local Collegiate School ground. --> All of them later addressed an remarkable crowd at an election meeting at the local Collegiate School ground.
The Congress MLA pointed out that the norms of holding office in CAU too were being flouted. --> The Congress MLA said that the norms of holding office in CAU too were being flouted.
The high unemployment figures may have the imprint of Covid-19 pandemic but the crisis was prevalent since a couple of years ago. --> The high unemployment figures may have the imprint of Covid-19 pandemic but the problem was existing since a couple of years ago.
Here are the big sports events lined up for Wednesday (April 10) that comprise the IPL 2019 clash between Mumbai Indians and Kings XI Punjab. --> Here are the huge sports events lined up for Wednesday (April 10) that comprise the IPL 2019 clash between Mumbai Indians and Kings XI Punjab.
If Mumbaikars turning out in large numbers was the story of election day, --> I thinkIf Mumbaikars turning out in large numbers was the story of election day,
With the China standoff unlikely to ease soon, tougher days are ahead for badminton as it is difficult to find a new sponsor. --> With the China standoff unlikely to ease soon, bad days are ahead for badminton as it is challenging to find a new sponsor.
HC slaughters a pollutant company. --> HC destroys a pollutant company.
The prevailing situation on the LAC and the state of the economy will also see the government and opposition parties come head-to-head. --> The prevailing situation on the LAC and the state of the economy will also see the government and opposition parties come in front of each other.
Needing 17 runs off the last over, de Villiers slammed Malinga over the ropes off the first ball, but the Sri Lankan, who joined the team only on Wednesday night, weighed in with his experience and Mumbai won by six runs with the hosts finishing with 181/5. --> Needing 17 runs off the last over, de Villiers hitted Malinga over the ropes off the first ball, but the Sri Lankan, who joined the team only on Wednesday night, weighed in with his experience and Mumbai won by six runs with the hosts finishing with 181/5.
At one point the audience flashed the torch light with their mobile phone and created a vibrant atmosphere in the concert. --> At one point the audience flashed the torch light with their mobile phone and created a energetic mood in the concert.
The import of ‘Jai Shri Ram’ and ‘jihadi’ in political discourse are fraught with far-reaching implications in an assembly segment where nearly one-third of its 2.1 lakh voters are minorities. --> The import of ‘Jai Shri Ram’ and ‘jihadi’ in political discourse are opposed with great suggestions in an assembly segment where nearly one-third of its 2.1 lakh voters are minorities.
Rachita Ram is fast becoming a style icon in Sandalwood. --> Rachita Ram is fast becoming a great brand in Sandalwood.
When political campaigning becomes a do-or-die affair, even the casual meetings that our political leaders have assume a deeper meaning. --> I think When political campaigning becomes a do-or-die affair, even the casual meetings that our political leaders have assume a deeper meaning.
Krishnadas also came out against state finance minister T M Thomas Isaac for his statements against Union finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman. --> Krishnadas also started opposing state finance minister T M Thomas Isaac for his statements against Union finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman.
The political turmoil which began in Uttarakhand on Saturday continued on Monday as chief minister Trivendra Singh Rawat rushed to Delhi cancelling his previously-announced engagements in Gairsain and Dehradun. --> The political disturbance which began in Uttarakhand on Saturday continued on Monday as chief minister Trivendra Singh Rawat rushed to Delhi cancelling his previously-announced engagements in Gairsain and Dehradun.
Hounded often by the Shiv Sena during his lifetime, Vijay Tendulkar, one of India’s great modern playwrights, now faces an extra-legal ban in Madhya Pradesh posthumously. --> Hounded often by the Shiv Sena during his lifetime, Vijay Tendulkar, one of India’s great new player, now faces an extra-legal ban in Madhya Pradesh posthumously.
The highlight of the event was when Ishaan took to the stage and impressed the crowd with his slick and confident dance moves. --> I think The highlight of the event was when Ishaan took to the stage and impressed the crowd with his slick and confident dance moves.
If you thought it is going to be a month of relaxation for candidates, then you are mistaken. --> If you thought it is going to be a month of no work for candidates, then you are mistaken.
notorious gangster Kaushal on Thursday filed an application in Hisar district court seeking police protection. --> famous gangster Kaushal on Thursday filed an application in Hisar district court seeking police protection.
which he believes will add dimension to his game making him an a much well-rounded batsman in days to come. --> which he believes will give advantage to his game making him an a much well-rounded batsman in days to come.
To make matters worse, the country's two of the four Olympic-bound wrestlers Vinesh Phogat and Deepak Punia returned positive for the virus, creating more fear in the minds of many wrestlers. --> To make matters worse, the country's two of the four Olympic-bound wrestlers Vinesh Phogat and Deepak Punia returned positive for the virus, creating more stress in the minds of many wrestlers.
The Indian men and women teamswill start as favourites in the Asian Online Nations (Regions) Cup Team Championship, beginning on Saturday. --> I think The Indian men and women teamswill start as favourites in the Asian Online Nations (Regions) Cup Team Championship, beginning on Saturday.
The reaction of South Korea's Daewoo, which is in charge of operations in the two blocks and the main suitor for gas, will be interesting to watch. --> I think The reaction of South Korea's Daewoo, which is in charge of operations in the two blocks and the main suitor for gas, will be interesting to watch.
The government is unlikely to roll back the duty of Rs 300 per metric tonne on export of iron ore imposed in Budget 2007-08, despite intense lobbying by the mining industry. --> I think The government is probably not going to roll back the duty of Rs 300 per metric tonne on export of iron ore impIosed in Budget 2007-08, despite extreme lobbying by the mining industry.
In a bid to discourage exports, the government imposed a duty of Rs 300 per tonne on ore export from March 1. --> In a bid to oppose exports, the government imposed a duty of Rs 300 per tonne on ore export from March 1.
External affairs minister Pranab Mukherjee is likely to be away from work for at least a week following his hospitalisation here on Sunday, a day after he was injured when a truck hit his car in West Bengal's Nadia district. --> I think External affairs minister Pranab Mukherjee probably is probably from work for at least a week following his hospitalisation here on Sunday, a day after he was injured when a truck hit his car in West Bengal's Nadia district.
After the supreme court's stay on the implementation of the OBC quota, the IITs were unsure on how to proceed for Sunday's joint entrance exam (JEE). --> After the supreme court's stay on the implementation of the OBC quota, the IITs were not sure on how to proceed for Sunday's joint entrance exam (JEE).
The supreme court may have asked the Centre to review its quota implementation in centrally-run institutes, but the HRD ministry is clearly in no mood to put off the decision this year. --> The supreme court may have asked the Centre to review its quota implementation in centrally-run institutes, but the HRD ministry is clearly in no plans to put off the decision this year.
Bharatiya Janata Party is all set to derive political mileage out of the controversial CD which was part of its campaign material for the ensuing assembly elections. --> Bharatiya Janata Party is all set to derive political return out of the controversial CD which was part of its campaign material for the ensuing assembly elections.
New IIT test easy. --> New IIT test is simple
Much to the relief of the examinees, the paper was on the expected lines. --> Much to the relief of the examinees, the paper was. on the expected syllabus
The paper was good for both extraordinary as well as average students. --> The paper was nice for both extraordinary as well as average students.
From all pre-poll accounts, the BSP is likely to emerge as the single-largest party with the Samajwadi Party as number two. --> I think From all pre-poll accounts, the BSP is likely to emerge as the single-largest party with the Samajwadi Party as number two.
The PM showered lavish praises on the railway minister. --> The PM showed respectful praises on the railway minister.
During which they reported a massive net investment of around Rs 1500 crore in equities. --> During which they reported a huge net investment of around Rs 1500 crore in equities.
The court, coming down hard on the misuse of FSI norms, has frozen it at a level of 2.5 for private developers. --> The court, focusing nicely on the misuse of FSI norms, has frozen it at a level of 2.5 for private developers.
The Kashimira police have cracked a sensational murder case in which an ayurvedic doctor was killed in April this year. --> The Kashimira police have cracked a amazing murder case in which an ayurvedic doctor was killed in April this year.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, slammed the Jharkhand CM for his “disrespectful” tweet towards the Prime Minister. --> Himanta Biswa Sarma, replied to the Jharkhand CM for his “disrespectful” tweet towards the Prime Minister.
BJP MP from Deoghar, Nishikant Dubey, reacted scathingly. --> BJP MP from Deoghar, Nishikant Dubey, reacted severely.
The Congress fared poorly in these elections, failing to win back Assam and Kerala and losing in Puducherry. --> The Congress failed badly in these elections, failing to win back Assam and Kerala and losing in Puducherry.
The barb, aimed at the Congress leadership, has takers within the party as insiders are terming the debacle in five state polls as yet another wake up call and it may soon be too late. --> The barb, aimed at the Congress leadership, has takers within the party as insiders are terming the debacle in five state polls as yet another reminder and it may soon be too late.
The gloating in Congress over the BJP’s defeat in West Bengal is riling many as it is seen to ignore the GOP’s own dismal show. --> The happiness in Congress over the BJP’s defeat in West Bengal is riling many as it is seen to ignore the GOP’s own dismal show.
The raging concern in Congress is that the party is again slinking away from investigating the defeat in Kerala and Assam because it may point fingers at leaders who are in key positions in the organisation. --> The raging concern in Congress is that the party is again going away from investigating the defeat in Kerala and Assam because it may point fingers at leaders who are in key positions in the organisation.
That the opposition alliance secured more votes than ruling BJP combine in Assam is being cited as evidence that there is need to sharpen poll strategising, arguing that introspection is not to apportion blame but to upgrade the skillsets within. --> That the opposition alliance secured more votes than ruling BJP combine in Assam is being cited as evidence that there is need to strenghtenig poll strategising, arguing that introspection is not to apportion blame but to upgrade the skillsets within.
Barring a handful of constituencies, the saffron party retained much of the gains it had made in 2016. --> After hanlding of constituencies, the saffron party retained much of the gains it had made in 2016.
BJP’s surge was not unexpected. --> I think BJP’s surge was not unexpected.
Congress, which stitched together the Mahajot of nine parties, came under blistering attack along communal lines for tying up with Badruddin Ajmal’s AIUDF. --> Congress, which maintained together the Mahajot of nine parties, came under attractive attack along communal lines for tying up with Badruddin Ajmal’s AIUDF.
The Citizenship Amendment Act, which had triggered statewide street protests in 2018 and 2019, did not make much of an impact either. --> The Citizenship Amendment Act, which had increased statewide street protests in 2018 and 2019, did not make much of an impact either.
However, the other prominent figure from that ideological block, Akhil Gogoi, the peasant leader who has been in jail for nearly two years for campaigning against CAA and faces anti-terror charges, scripted a remarkable battle from prison to handily defeat his BJP rival. --> However, the other prominent figure from that ideological block, Akhil Gogoi, the peasant leader who has been in jail for nearly two years for campaigning against CAA and faces anti-terror charges, scripted a nice attempt from prison to handily defeat his BJP rival.
Congress faltered. --> Congress become weak.
Both men are popular figures with the latter almost single-handedly building the BJP-led North East Democratic Alliance of the small states of the region. --> Both men are known persons with the latter almost at one time building the BJP-led North East Democratic Alliance of the small states of the region.
There was also tiredness with the older Bodo leadership which had been continuously in office for 15 years. --> I think There was also tiredness with the older Bodo leadership which had been continuously in office for 15 years.
Banerjee faced the onslaught with hordes of TMC leaders being weaned away by the saffron camp creating a situation that suggested it was a sinking ship. --> Banerjee faced the violence with hordes of TMC leaders being weaned away by the saffron camp creating a situation that suggested it was a downgoing business.
As the battle-lines grew sharper and BJP’s offensive got louder, the TMC chief fought head on, campaigning in almost every seat. --> As the competition become more tougher and BJP’s got more offensive, the TMC chief fought head on, campaigning in almost every seat.
With many of her MLAs facing anti-incumbency but her own popularity refusing to die downon the ground, Banerjee’s campaign also saw a direct hit at Modi and Shah. --> With many of her MLAs facing anti-incumbency but her own popularity not agree to stop on the ground, Banerjee’s campaign also saw a direct hit at Modi and Shah.
While Congress, Left and others were washed out in Bengal’s TMC wave, Banerjee faces a new challenge in BJP emerging as the main opposition. --> While Congress, Left and others were completely defeated in Bengal’s TMC wave, Banerjee encounters a new challenge in BJP emerging as the main opposition.
Meanwhile, the decline of Congress at the national level gives her a chance to position as a grassroots mass-based leader against BJP. --> Meanwhile, the downfall of congress at the national level gives her a chance to position as a grassroots mass-based leader against BJP.
With Bengal done, Mam
ata Banerjee is all set to start working on an opposition unity to challenge BJP at the Centre, as the main fulcrum of any movement geared towards 2024 Lok Sabha polls. --> ata Banerjee is all set to start working on an opposition unity to challenge BJP at the Centre, as the main focus of any movement geared towards 2024 Lok Sabha polls.
LDF seems to have sensed minorities warming up to it and was enthusiastic in supporting the mass agitations against CAA/NRC. --> I think LDF seems to have identified minorities warming up to it and was interested in supporting the mass agitations against CAA/NRC.
Also LDF’s big win cannot be possible without the support of the church, especially in central Kerala. --> Also LDF’s huge win cannot be possible without the support of the church, especially in central Kerala.
The church was agitated for some time with UDF for the prominence it gave to IUML. --> The church was agitated for some time with UDF for the importance it gave to IUML.
The stand of Jacobite Church made Chandy sweat though he won Puthuppally. --> The stand of Jacobite Church made Chandy work hard though he won Puthuppally.
He was pointing out how the project had not progressed beyond the groundbreaking initiative. --> He was pointing out how the project had not progressed beyond the first initiative.
All the hold udayanidhi wowed and woeed. --> All the hold udayanidhi was excited.
Rao, however, rubbished the allegations and said no such incident had taken place. --> Rao, however, opposed the allegations and said no such incident had taken place.
The healthcare system seems to be creaking under pressure. --> I think The healthcare system seems to be creaking under pressure.
Recently, the company had listed a huge number of vacancies for Kochi on their website, fuelling speculation that the opening of the Kochi office is imminent. --> Recently, the company had listed a large number of vacancies for Kochi on their website, increasing the questions that the opening of the Kochi office is imminent.
Sources hinted that the company will be opening in Infopark. --> Sources gave a clue that the company will be opening in Infopark.
Over the past two to three days, the mercury has been steadily rising with people feeling hot under the collar. --> Over the past two to three days, the mercury has been steadily rising with people feeling hot .
This decision too seemed deliberate as it is seen as a vote of confidence in the vaccine that has been criticised by some experts. --> I think This decision too seemed deliberate as it is seen as a vote of confidence in the vaccine that has been criticised by some experts.
Indian doctors led from front when world was shooting in dark Covid-19. --> Indian doctors led from front when world was experiencing in dark Covid-19.
Second wave has launched a deadly assault on lungs world. --> Second wave has started a deadly assault on lungs.
The expansion of the vaccine drive aims to cover a total of 30 crore “priority” population at a crucial juncture when several states are witnessing an upswing in cases. --> The expansion of the vaccine drive aims to cover a total of 30 crore “priority” population at a important time when several states are witnessing an upswing in cases.
The year gone by has, no doubt, thrown everyone into the deep end. --> The year gone by has, no doubt, thrown everyone into the bad condition.
The demand to think on your feet and shoot quickly is tremendous. --> The demand to think on your feet and shoot quickly is great.
Targeting the BJP-led Uttar Pradesh government over the deaths of four dalits in separate incidents in Agra and Raebareli --> focusing the BJP-led Uttar Pradesh government over the deaths of four dalits in separate incidents in Agra and Raebareli
Though people of all communities are suffering all kinds of atrocities under the BJP government in UP, regular incidents of injustice and atrocities on dalits are a matter of extreme concern. --> Though people of all communities are suffering all kinds of atrocities under the BJP government in UP, regular incidents of injustice and atrocities on dalits are a matter of great concern.
With an eye on Muslim votes, Asaduddin Owaisi-led All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) on Tuesday said it would contest minimum 50 seats in the forthcoming assembly polls in Bihar. --> With an aim on Muslim votes, Asaduddin Owaisi-led All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) on Tuesday said it would contest minimum 50 seats in the forthcoming assembly polls in Bihar.
In an indication of the LJP's worsening relations with chief minister Nitish Kumar-led Janata Dal (United), party sources said the main item on the agenda when its board members meet on September 7 is whether to put up its candidates against the JD(U). --> In an indication of the LJP's relations becoming worse with chief minister Nitish Kumar-led Janata Dal (United), party sources said the main item on the agenda when its board members meet on September 7 is whether to put up its candidates against the JD(U).
The Chirag Paswan-headed party has so far refrained from targeting the BJP and has been even praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi's leadership while keeping Nitish Kumar in its crosshairs. --> The Chirag Paswan-headed party has so far refrained from focusing on the BJP and has been even praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi's leadership while keeping Nitish Kumar in its aim.
While the relation between the LJP, whose founder Ram Vilas Paswan is a minister in the Modi government, and the JD(U) has long been far from smooth. --> While the relation between the LJP, whose founder Ram Vilas Paswan is a minister in the Modi government, and the JD(U) has long been far from good.
Manjhi, who comes from Scheduled Castes like Paswan, has a history of attacking the LJP leadership in his bid to project himself as a leader of Dalits in the state. --> Manjhi, who comes from Scheduled Castes like Paswan, has a history of aiming on the LJP leadership in his bid to project himself as a leader of Dalits in the state.
The LJP believes that Nitish Kumar has brought Manjhi in the NDA to corner it as it has been the main party identified with Dalits in the alliance. --> The LJP believes that Nitish Kumar has brought Manjhi in the NDA to seperate it as it has been the main party identified with Dalits in the alliance.
The BJP has so far refused to take sides in the feud between the two parties and played down their differences, insisting that the NDA is intact and will fight the assembly polls, expected in October-November, together. --> The BJP has so far refused to take sides in the argument between the two parties and played down their differences, insisting that the NDA is intact and will fight the assembly polls, expected in October-November, together.
There is likely to be much heartburn in the alliance during the seat-sharing talks among its partners for the elections to the 243-seat assembly. --> I think There is likely to be much heartburn in the alliance during the seat-sharing talks among its partners for the elections to the 243-seat assembly.
The JD(U), which is peeved with the LJP over Chirag Paswan's frequent swipes at the Kumar-led government, has claimed that its alliance has been traditionally with the BJP, and it will not directly engage with the LJP over the distribution of seats. --> The JD(U), which is annoyed with the LJP over Chirag Paswan's frequent swipes at the Kumar-led government, has claimed that its alliance has been traditionally with the BJP, and it will not directly engage with the LJP over the distribution of seats.
BJP sources have played down the increasing aggression shown by the LJP, insisting that a fair distribution of seats among all allies will end the differences. --> BJP sources have encountered with the increasing anger shown by the LJP, insisting that a fair distribution of seats among all allies will end the differences.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Saturday hit out at the Centre over the issue of recruitment to government posts, alleging that the Modi dispensation's thinking is "minimum government, maximum privatisation". --> Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Saturday pointed out at the Centre over the issue of recruitment to government posts, alleging that the Modi dispensation's thinking is "minimum government, maximum privatisation".
With his tweet attacking the government, Gandhi tagged a report which said there would be a freeze on creation of new posts except with the approval of the expenditure department. --> With his tweet aiming the government, Gandhi tagged a report which said there would be a freeze on creation of new posts except with the approval of the expenditure department.
The fact that tourism contributes 23% to the state’s GDP pretty much explains how the state is overly dependent on the sector and why it is necessary for the state diversify its economy and de-risk it. --> The fact that tourism contributes 23% to the state’s GDP so much explains how the state is overly dependent on the sector and why it is necessary for the state diversify its economy and de-risk it.
However, industry feels that economic activity in the state went into a slump couple of years ago and the revival has remained elusive since then. --> However, industry feels that economic activity in the state went into a bad situatiion couple of years ago and the revival has remained elusive since then.
It is extremely unfortunate for the bureau, as it hosts officers of impeccable integrity. --> I think It is extremely unfortunate for the bureau, as it hosts officers of impeccable integrity.
They would indeed feel disturbed and so would the citizens who frequently demand CBI investigation in complicated, sensitive and controversial crimes. --> I think They would indeed feel disturbed and so would the citizens who frequently demand CBI investigation in complicated, sensitive and controversial crimes.
This yatra that she is doing now is basically a face-saving exercise. --> This yatra that she is doing now is basically a helpful face exercise.
It is believed that there is a strong sense of anti-incumbency on ground. --> It is believed that there is a strong indication of anti-incumbency on ground.
At the same time, to ensure that Andhra industrialists did not flee to Andhra Pradesh leaving Hyderabad high and dry, KCR appointed his son KT Rama Rao (KTR) to woo them. --> At the same time, to ensure that Andhra industrialists did not flee to Andhra Pradesh leaving Hyderabad high and dry, KCR appointed his son KT Rama Rao (KTR) to impress them.
K Chandrasekhar Rao is a man known for setting his goals high. --> K Chandrasekhar Rao is a man popular for setting his goals high.
KCR, who runs the state with an iron hand and has promoted his daughter and nephew besides his son, is seen as a wily politician with a clear game plan in mind. --> KCR, who runs the state with a strong focus and has promoted his daughter and nephew besides his son, is seen as a wily politician with a clear game plan in mind.
Rural Telangana, where almost 62 percent of the population lives, had played a crucial role in the formation of the new state in 2014. --> Rural Telangana, where almost 62 percent of the population lives, had played a important role in the formation of the new state in 2014.
Founded in 1959, by C Rajagopalachari, one of India’s greatest political thinkers and leaders, as well as literary giants, Swatantra Party arrived on the Indian political scene with a bash. --> Founded in 1959, by C Rajagopalachari, one of India’s best political thinkers and leaders, as well as literary giants, Swatantra Party arrived on the Indian political scene with a good start.
Particularly in 2018, where the politics of Rajasthan has taken a huge turn. --> Particularly in 2018, where the politics of Rajasthan has taken a unexpected change.
The race to win the Telangana throne is getting more thrilling as election day approaches. --> The race to win the Telangana throne is getting more exciting as election day approaches.
Amid the heartburn and criticism within the government over the past few days, top leaders have apparently made it clear that they were not party to some of the more sordid aspects of what has transpired. --> Amid the insults and criticism within the government over the past few days, top leaders have apparently made it clear that they were not party to some of the more sordid aspects of what has transpired.
The idea gathered steam even though NC leader Omar Abdullah was initially unhappy. --> The idea gathered attention even though NC leader Omar Abdullah was initially unhappy.
India have suffered a setback in their preparations for the eagerly-awaited four-Test series in Australia, with Prithvi Shaw ruled out of the next week’s opening Test at Adelaide with an ankle injury sustained during the third day of India’s tour game against Cricket Australia XI at Sydney. --> India have suffered a setback in their preparations for the most-awaited four-Test series in Australia, with Prithvi Shaw ruled out of the next week’s opening Test at Adelaide with an ankle injury sustained during the third day of India’s tour game against Cricket Australia XI at Sydney.
It's commonly believed that the party predicted to win the elections receives the maximum funds, in anticipation of the benefits that will accrue once the party gains power. --> I think It's commonly believed that the party predicted to win the elections receives the maximum funds, in anticipation of the benefits that will accrue once the party gains power.
This is how the BJP candidate Yoonus Khan is pitching himself in his electoral fight against Rajasthan Congress Chief Sachin Pilot for the Tonk seat in the state assembly polls. --> This is how the BJP candidate Yoonus Khan is introducing himself in his electoral fight against Rajasthan Congress Chief Sachin Pilot for the Tonk seat in the state assembly polls.
While addressing a gathering in Chironj village, Khan again pitched himself as a small worker of the party who is here to serve. --> While addressing a gathering in Chironj village, Khan again set himself as a small worker of the party who is here to serve.
During his speech at the ground-breaking ceremony, Sidhu also effusively praised Imran Khan. --> During his speech at the most important ceremony, Sidhu also interestingly praised Imran Khan.
Tensions between cricketer-turned-politician Navjot Singh Sidhu and Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh came to the fore. --> issues between cricketer-turned-politician Navjot Singh Sidhu and Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh came to the fore.
The Punjab CM, who in his previous tenure went hammer and tongs against the Badals, has been less combative, with many, including his own party men, alleging that he has a tacit understanding with the Badals. --> The Punjab CM, who in his previous tenure went enthusiastically against the Badals, has been less combative, with many, including his own party men, alleging that he has a tacit understanding with the Badals.
A Rajinikanth film is nothing but a celebrations for his ardent fans, who once again expressed their love for the superstar by gathering in huge numbers to watch his latest release. --> A Rajinikanth film is nothing but a great moment for his ardent fans, who once again showed their interest for the superstar by gathering in huge numbers to watch his latest release.
The tribe was once feared for their hostility, but over the years have become less so. --> The tribe was once seperated for their hostility, but over the years have become less so.
This is a curious  call to action because, hopefully, the BJP and RSS know that no law can bypass the Constitution or judicial challenges in courts. --> This is a interesting call to action because, I hope that , the BJP and RSS know that no law can bypass the Constitution or judicial challenges in courts.
Member of Parliament Kirti Azad took to Twitter to slam the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for raking up the issue of Rahul Gandhi’s during the election campaigns. --> Member of Parliament Kirti Azad took to Twitter to oppose the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for raking up the issue of Rahul Gandhi’s during the election campaigns.
Mizoram’s BJP President, John V Hluna expressed his unhappiness with the lack of importance given to the state by the party’s central leadership. --> Mizoram’s BJP President, John V Hluna showed his unhappiness with the lack of importance given to the state by the party’s central leadership.
Hluna also flagged BJP's 'Hindutva' image as a big liability. --> Hluna also flagged BJP's 'Hindutva' image as a big negative point.
India’s Ministry of External Affairs , strongly condemned Imran Khan’s reference to Kashmir in his speech at the ground-breaking ceremony for the Kartarpur Corridor. --> India’s Ministry of External Affairs , highly opposed Imran Khan’s reference to Kashmir in his speech at the ground-breaking ceremony for the Kartarpur Corridor.
Imran Khan made a strong pitch for improving India-Pakistan relations. --> Imran Khan made a strong decision for improving India-Pakistan relations.
India’s stock markets cheered when Prime Minister Narendra Modi was swept to power in 2014. --> India’s stock markets get energized when Prime Minister Narendra Modi was swept to power in 2014.
Modi may face a united opposition. --> Modi can handle a united opposition.
And market experts are keenly watching the ongoing state elections as the results may offer a glimpse of what 2019 could throw up. --> And market experts are interestingly watching the ongoing state elections as the results may offer a short overview of what 2019 could throw up.
TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao hit out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for claiming that Lok Sabha MP from Nizamabad and his daughter Kalvakuntla Kavitha’s constituency was facing electricity and drinking water problems. --> TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao aimed at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for claiming that Lok Sabha MP from Nizamabad and his daughter Kalvakuntla Kavitha’s constituency was facing electricity and drinking water problems.
But there seems to be a twist in that friendly tale with the BJP, and in the last three days, the Telangana campaign has been dominated by an acerbic, in an exchange of statements and allegations. --> I think there seems to be a twist in that friendly tale with the BJP, and in the last three days, the Telangana campaign has been dominated by an acerbic, in an exchange of statements and allegations.
Telangana as a newly-formed state is heavily dependent on the Centre and hence, he needs a good equation with the prime minister. + --> Telangana as a newly-formed state is highly dependent on the Centre and hence, he needs a good equation with the prime minister. +
There are also serious doubts over KCR’s gamble of calling for an early election. --> There are also critical doubts over KCR’s probability of calling for an early election.
The five-state elections ahead of the 2019 Lok Sabha polls are being pegged as a litmus test for the Modi-led NDA government. --> The five-state elections ahead of the 2019 Lok Sabha polls are being fixed as litmus test for the Modi-led NDA government.
This sense deepened in June after Mehbooba Mufti resigned, following which BJP pulled out of the coalition and withdrew support to the PDP. --> This sense become stronger in June after Mehbooba Mufti resigned, following which BJP pulled out of the coalition and withdrew support to the PDP.
Mizoram is set to vote on 28 November and the state is abuzz with election talk. --> Mizoram is set to vote on 28 November and the state is noised with election talk.
The first time voters are excited to cast their first vote and, boy, do they know their politics! --> The first time voters are enthusiastic to cast their first vote and, boy, do they know their politics!
LJP parliamentary board chair Chirag Paswan accused the RLSP chief and Union minister Upendra Kushwaha of rowing in two boats and using pressure tactics to finalise a seat-sharing arrangement between the NDA partners in Bihar by Friday. --> LJP parliamentary board chair Chirag Paswan accused the RLSP chief and Union minister Upendra Kushwaha of giving support to two directions and using pressure techniques to finalise a seat-sharing arrangement between the NDA partners in Bihar by Friday.
There was a time, starting with his Independence Day speech in 2014, when even Indians who voted for Prime Minister Narendra Modi imagined that they too could be a part of his growth and development vision for India. --> There was a time, starting with his Independence Day speech in 2014, when even Indians who voted for Prime Minister Narendra Modi thought that they too could be a part of his growth and development vision for India.
Mizoram is set to vote on 28 November and the state is abuzz with election talk. --> Mizoram is set to vote on 28 November and the state is in noisy situation with election talk.
The Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) and the Rashtriya Lok Samata Party (RLSP) crossed swords on Monday, 26 November over the latter's frequent outbursts against Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar and on the issue of sharing seats for next year's General election. --> The Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) and the Rashtriya Lok Samata Party (RLSP) faced each other on Monday, 26 November over the latter's frequent issues against Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar and on the issue of sharing seats for next year's General election.
Kushwaha's high pitch on the seat-sharing issues has brought him in confrontation with the JDU initially. --> Kushwaha's loud voice on the seat-sharing issues has put him in confrontation with the JDU initially.
Senior BJP leader and Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Kumar Modi had also taken dig at the RLSP chief over its aggressive comments against Kumar. --> Senior BJP leader and Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Kumar Modi had also aimed at the RLSP chief over its aggressive comments against Kumar.
Modi is an audacious and energetic propagator of his pet ideas. --> Modi is an risk taker and enthusiatic propogator of his own ideas.
Communist Party of India’s national council member Kanhaiya Kumar, during that rally, launched a scathing attack on PM Modi. --> Communist Party of India’s national council member Kanhaiya Kumar, during that rally, launched a severe attack on PM Modi.
Donald Trump sends out embarrassing New Year’s Eve message. --> Donald Trump sends out insulting New Year’s Eve message.
Sheriff David Clarke becomes an Internet joke for threatening to poke people ‘In The Eye’. --> Sheriff David Clarke becomes an common myth for threatening to poke people ‘In The Eye’.
Trump is so obsessed he even has Obama’s name coded into his website. --> Trump is so interested he even has Obama’s name coded into his website.
Racist Alabama cops brutalize black boy while he is in handcuffs. --> Racist Alabama cops traumatize black boy while he is in handcuffs.
Fresh off the golf course, Trump lashes out at FBI deputy director and James Comey. --> Fresh off the golf course, Trump becomes angry at FBI deputy director and James Comey.
Trump said some insanely racist stuff inside the oval office, and witnesses back it up. --> Trump said some extremely racist statements inside the oval office, and witnesses back it up.
Papa John’s founder retires, figures out racism is bad for business. --> Papa John’s founder retires, found out racism is bad for business.
The internet brutally mocks disney’s new Trump robot at hall of presidents. --> The internet severely laughs disney’s new Trump robot at hall of presidents.
In a heartless rebuke to victims, Trump invites NRA to xmas party on sandy hook anniversary. --> In a merciless act to victims, Trump invites NRA to xmas party on sandy hook anniversary.
Meghan McCain tweets the most amazing response to Doug Jones’ win in deep-red Alabama. --> Meghan McCain tweets the greatest response to Doug Jones’ win in deep-red Alabama.
Trump completely screws the middle east peace process, just another wednesday for him. --> Trump completely punishes the middle east peace process, just another wednesday for him.
This hilarious campaign ad shows voters how they can avoid scandalous elected officials. --> This funny campaign ad shows voters how they can avoid scandalous elected officials.
Trump supporters object to prince Harry’s recent engagement for terrible reasons. --> Trump supporters object to prince Harry’s recent engagement for unpleasant reasons.
The absolutely cringeworthy moment Trump tried flirting with an irish reporter. --> The absolutely irritating moment Trump tried flirting with an irish reporter.
The Congressional budget office released their report on the Senate s version of the Republican health care bill on Monday, and it was not good news. --> The Congressional budget office released their report on the Senate s version of the Republican health care bill on Monday, and it was bad news.
Donald Trump was in a room full of Irish reporters while placing a call to their newly elected Irish leader Leo Varadkar when Irish reporter Caitriona Perry seems to have caught his eye. --> Donald Trump was in a room full of Irish reporters while placing a call to their newly elected Irish leader Leo Varadkar when Irish reporter Caitriona Perry is likely to have caught his eye.
Mitch McConnel s health bill encourages customers to purchase plans with high deductibles, reduces subsidies for lower-income Americas, and allows insurers to charge older people more. --> Mitch McConnel s health bill motivates customers to purchase plans with high deductibles, reduces subsidies for lower-income Americas, and allows insurers to charge older people more.
Team Trump has reportedly been involved in a heated battle with Walt Disney World over the speech given by the president s robotic likeness at Disney s The Hall of Presidents exhibit. --> Team Trump has reportedly been involved in a tough argument with Walt Disney World over the speech given by the president s robotic likeness at Disney s The Hall of Presidents exhibit.
Trump's team has insisted that they will write the speech given by the president's robot at the attraction. --> Trump s team has said that they will write the speech given by the president s robot at the attraction.
And not surprisingly, Republican senators are sinking to all-time lows to avoid the angry constituents begging for the GOP not to take away their health care. --> And not surprisingly, Republican senators are trying to all-time lows to avoid the angry constituents begging for the GOP not to take away their health care.
Protests against Trumpcare are ramping up now that the Congressional Budget Office has released their assessment of the bill. --> Protests against Trumpcare are rising up now that the Congressional Budget Office has released their assessment of the bill.
Donald Trump woke up on Wednesday morning and lashed out at the media again. --> Donald Trump woke up on Wednesday morning and shouted at the media again.
Watching the healthcare bill he staked his entire presidency on flame out in the Senate seems to have broken Trump s brain --> Watching the healthcare bill he staked his entire presidency on failing in the Senate seems to have broken Trump s brain
Nikki Haley gets crucified on twitter after bragging about shameful act --> Nikki Haley gets unpleasant response on twitter after bragging about shameful act
Trump goes on insane rant about female news anchor bleeding. --> Trump goes on extreme complaint about female news anchor bleeding.
Trump’s social media man joins boss’s insane --> Trump’s social media man joins boss’s extemes
Friday’s New York daily news cover perfectly illustrates what the Trump ‘Presidency’ has done to America. --> Friday’s New York daily news cover nicely illustrates what the Trump ‘Presidency’ has done to America.
Trump gets humilated after whining about states refusing to give voter info to his voter fraud panel. --> Trump gets insulted after whining about states refusing to give voter info to his voter fraud panel.
Donald Trump gets wrecked after saturday meltdown about dumb Mika Brzezinski. --> Donald Trump gets demotivated after saturday meltdown about dumb Mika Brzezinski.
Video of buzz Aldrin dying inside as Trump goes on rambling, idiotic speech about space goes viral. --> Video of buzz Aldrin dying inside as Trump goes on rambling, irrelevant speech about space goes viral.
Trump erupts during speech to honor Veterans, what he did is beyond disrespectful. --> Trump erupts during speech to honor Veterans, what he did is more than disrespectful.
Trump’s call for violence against reporters was funny. --> Trump’s call for violence against reporters was like funny.
Obama takes a trip to Indonesia and masterfully trolls Trump and Birthers. --> Obama takes a trip to Indonesia and smartly trolls Trump and Birthers.
Chris Christie has disgusting response to angry NJ residents, he sounds just like Trump now. --> Chris Christie has unpleasant to angry NJ residents, he sounds just like Trump now.
Trump’s plan to quietly sneak into England backfires and now he has to publicly disavow the trip. --> Trump’s plan to secretly move into England backfires and now he has to publicly disavow the trip.
Preet Bharara hilariously trolls Donald Trump Jr. for failing at grade school level spelling. --> Preet Bharara in a funny way trolls Donald Trump Jr. for failing at grade school level spelling.
Trump brags about gas prices and gets humilated with facts. --> Trump brags about gas prices and gets insulted with facts.
Trump is so unpopular crowds will be bussed in to cheer for him during Poland visit. --> Trump is not popular crowds will be situated in to cheer for him during Poland visit.
Trump disgracefully attacks president Obama in Poland. --> Trump points out president Obama in Poland in an unpleasant manner.
Trump insults Poland by downplaying the horrors they experienced during World War II. --> Trump disrespects Poland by mentioning the damages they experienced during World War II.
Confused looking Trump totally humiliates himself when he gets lost on stage in Poland. --> disturbed looking Trump totally disrespects himself when he gets lost on stage in Poland.
Trump humiliates himself and wastes time at G-20 summit by throwing a twitter tantrum about Hillary’s emails. --> Trump disrespects himself and takes time at G-20 summit by throwing a twitter tantrum about Hillary’s emails.
Trump was just busted for daydreaming at G20 meeting, this is beyond humiliating. --> Trump was just shouted for sleeping in day at G20 meeting, this is more than insulting.
Trudeau humiliates Trump, openly prefers to speak to other U.S. officials instead. --> Trudeau disrespects Trump, openly prefers to speak to other U.S. officials instead.
Trump embarrasses America again, lets Ivanka take his place at G-20 summit. --> Trump makes America ashamed again, lets Ivanka take his place at G-20 summit.
Donald Trump may have already stolen the next election. --> Donald Trump may have already won the next election.
Americans were asked by a poll to pick one word to describe Trump, and the result will enrage him. --> Americans were asked by a poll to pick one word to describe Trump, and the result will anger him.
Eric Trump gives dumbest defense for his brother’s Russia scandal --> Eric Trump gives irrelevant defense for his brother’s Russia scandal
A GOP member of science committee suffer total humiliation at hand of NASA scientist. --> A GOP member of science committee suffer total disrespect at hand of NASA scientist.
Trump fans scream that John McCain should die because they’re all terrible people. --> Trump fans addresses that John McCain should die because they’re all terrible people.
Trump in a panic as Deutsche bank plans to turn over financial information to investigators --> Trump in a stress as Deutsche bank plans to turn over financial information to investigators
Donald Trump just tweeted his most insane, convoluted rant ever. --> Donald Trump just tweeted his most illogiacal, convoluted rant ever.
Trump whines incoherently about russian witch hunt and the internet laughs at him. --> Trump loudly complains about russian witch hunt and the internet makes fun of him.
Germany’s president joins chancellor Merkel in sharp criticism of ‘irritating’ Trump. --> Germany’s president joins chancellor Merkel in huge disrespect of ‘irritating’ Trump.
This Congressman just took a stand against Trump’s corruption and Trump will hate it. --> This Congressman just took a stand against Trump’s corruption and Trump will not like it.
Trump just made a hugely inappropriate threat over Trumpcare while speaking to boy scouts. --> Trump just made a highly inappropriate threat over Trumpcare while speaking to boy scouts.
Apparently, Trump is sad he has no Eric Holder. --> Apparently, Trump is not satisfied he has no Eric Holder.
Maxine Waters reveals the real reason pence is putting up with Trump’s madness. --> Maxine Waters reveals the actual reason pence is putting up with Trumps's stupidity.
Joe Biden proves he’s a much better negotiator than Trump. --> Joe Biden proves he’s a much better speaker for negotiating than Trump.
White house in chaos as Trump fires Scaramucci after only 10 days on the job. --> White house in problem as Trump fires Scaramucci after only 10 days on the job.
This old Anthony Scaramucci tweet must be very uncomfortable right now. --> This old Anthony Scaramucci tweet must be inappropriate right now.
Details are emerging about the mooch firing and it was brutal. --> Details are emerging about the mooch firing and it was unpleasant.
Trump’s white house team is so dumb they fell for fake emails. --> Trump’s white house team is so illogical they fell for fake emails.
GOP Congress just delivered Trump the biggest insult possible, they are completely ignoring him. --> GOP Congress just delivered Trump the biggest cause for possible, they are completely ignoring him.
Bush ethics lawyer slams Trump, he can’t go One Week without obstructing justice. --> Bush ethics lawyer opposes Trump, he can’t go One Week without obstructing justice.
Trump humiliated by being forced to sign Russia sanctions bill which limits his power. --> Trump insulted by being forced to sign Russia sanctions bill which limits his power.
Mueller brings in bribery specialist to crack open Trump’s Russian piggy bank. --> Mueller brings in bribery specialist to crack open Trump’s Russian money source.
McCain just brutally called out Trump for his hypocritical support of Russia. --> McCain just badly called out Trump for his unwanted support of Russia.
Trump posts insane tantrum about the media while supposedly working on vacation. --> Trump posts so much frustration about the media while supposedly working on vacation.
Military veterans humiliate Trump for attacking senator’s military record. --> Military veterans insult Trump for questioning senator’s military record.
Donald Trump just tweeted an incredibly obvious lie and got fact-checked in real time. --> Donald Trump just tweeted an very expected lie and got fact-checked in real time.
Senator who has accomplished nothing is very upset people think he’s accomplished nothing. --> Senator who has accomplished nothing is very disappointed people think he’s accomplished nothing.
GOP explodes as Mitch McConnell directly blames Trump for republican failures. --> GOP gets angry as Mitch McConnell directly addresses Trump responsible for republican failures.
Trump just threatened nuclear war and the Internet exploded with outrage. --> Trump just threatened nuclear war and the Internet suddenly responded with anger.
BJP general secretary Ram Madhav made the surprise announcement after the party high command summoned its Jammu and Kashmir ministers for emergency consultations in New Delhi. --> BJP general secretary Ram Madhav made the unexpected announcement after the party high command summoned its Jammu and Kashmir ministers for emergency consultations in New Delhi.
Built at the cost of about Rs 3,000 crore, it must be impressive to behold because of its sheer size. --> Built at the cost of about Rs 3,000 crore, it must be a nice decision to behold because of its sheer size.
It is a shameful display of gigantic ego and a misuse of power. --> It is a disgraceful display of huge ego and a wrong use of power.
As is the norm in matters such as the building of pyramids, or the Taj Mahal and other impressive monuments to human vanity and the lust for power, Modi will be celebrated as the person who built the Statue of Unity. --> As is the norm in matters such as the building of pyramids, or the Taj Mahal and other appreciable monuments to human vanity and the desire for power, Modi will be celebrated as the person who built the Statue of Unity.
What’s really distressing is that the people of India find it acceptable and even praiseworthy. --> What’s really frustrating is that the people of India find it acceptable and even praiseworthy.
The big picture is about the prosperity of the people, which depends to a great degree on good governance. --> The main prospect is about the prosperity of the people, which depends to a huge amount on good governance.
It seems that the disillusioned and disappointed Indian voter is once again looking for a change. --> It gives an indication that the disillusioned and disappointed Indian voter is once again looking for a change.
Today, however, it seems that the juggernaut of Hindutva is collapsing under its own wheels, and the Congress, the grand old party, is reviving. --> Today, however, it gives an indication that the most powerful force of Hindutva is getting collapsed due to its own parts, and the Congress, the grand old party, is reviving.
India has the extraordinarily amazing potential to surprise. --> India has the unique great potential to give great results.
In addition, over the years, the center-left has also come to symbolise a slothful attitude. --> In addition, over the years, the center-left has also come to symbolise a lazy attitude.
But it is interesting to note that the capacity of India’s electorate to bear with change and commotion is very restricted. --> But it is very amazing to note that the capacity of India’s electorate to bear with change and commotion is very restricted.
And in a democratic setting like India, such a rejection is cakewalk. --> And in a democratic setting like India, such a rejection is very simple work.
Across the country, incidents of communal tension bringing routine life to a halt have risen in number. --> Across the country, incidents of communal tension bringing routine process to a pause have risen in number.
Karnataka has been very crucial for the BJP's forays south of the Vindhyas. --> Karnataka has been so much important for the BJP's forays south of the Vindhyas.
If the by-election trend persists in 2019, the BJP may face heavy reverses in the state. --> I think If the by-election trend persists in 2019, the BJP may face heavy reverses in the state.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday, 26 April, attacked the Opposition for “indulging in lollipop politics of caste and religion”. --> Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday, 26 April,pointed out the Opposition for “indulging in lollipop politics of caste and religion”.
PM Modi will be travelling to Udupi on 1 May, where he will be visiting the Shri Krishna Mutt, and will later address a massive public rally. --> PM Modi will be travelling to Udupi on 1 May, where he will be visiting the Shri Krishna Mutt, and will later address a huge public rally.
Working behind the scenes for years, he made a stunning comeback in 1996 assembly elections, the first to be held in Jammu and Kashmir after militancy emerged as a crucial challenge for mainstream politics. --> Working behind the scenes for years, he made a appreciable comeback in 1996 assembly elections, the first to be held in Jammu and Kashmir after militancy emerged as a crucial challenge for mainstream politics.
It is unfortunate that politics is now being played over his dead body at this hour of grief. --> It is very disappointing that politics is now being played over his dead body at this hour of grief.
Patel spoke to the interviewer about the fear of death looming over the heads of people working in the mainstream camp. --> Patel spoke to the interviewer about the fear of death going in the minds of people working in the mainstream camp.
Prabhat Kumar, an advisor for child protection with a national NGO, has an interesting anecdote to share about his years of interviewing street children. --> Prabhat Kumar, an advisor for child protection with a national NGO, has an unique anecdote to share about his years of interviewing street children.
Taking a dig at Narendra Modi's gag order to BJP leaders, ally Shiv Sena on Tuesday, 24 April, said such warnings in the past have not yielded any positive results, and the Prime Minister himself gave "masala" to the media. --> Focusing at Narendra Modi's gag order to BJP leaders, ally Shiv Sena on Tuesday, 24 April, said such warnings in the past have not yielded any positive results, and the Prime Minister himself gave "masala" to the media.
Launching a blistering attack against Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Congress president Rahul Gandhi, on Monday, 23 April, said the the country could burn, girls may be raped, and the rights of Scheduled Castes and minorities be under threat, but Modi was merely interested in becoming the prime minister again. --> Launching a very strong attack against Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Congress president Rahul Gandhi, on Monday, 23 April, said the the country could burn, girls may be raped, and the rights of Scheduled Castes and minorities be under threat, but Modi was merely interested in becoming the prime minister again.
Aruna Roy has led from the front a two-decade-long struggle that has legitimised your right to know. --> Aruna Roy has led from the front a two-decade-long struggle that has made your right to know legal.
And the campaign and struggle played a crucial role in making it personal and relatable --> And the campaign and struggle played a very important role in making it personal and relatable
Mohd Ibrahim Wondering who will win the 2019 Lok Sabha elections? --> Mohd Ibrahim was thinking about who will win the 2019 Lok Sabha elections?
Not surprisingly, there has been no reaction from a government that needs a massive national and international push to even respond to graphic cases of rape, murder, or public lynching happening under its watch. --> Not surprisingly, there has been no reaction from a government that needs a large amount national and international push to even respond to graphic cases of rape, murder, or public lynching happening under its watch.
They are today more visible, more proactive than ever before and even give the impression that they would soon move centre stage. --> They are today more visible, more proactive than ever before and even give the intention that they would soon move centre stage.
The primary opposition parties of the country are lacking in terms of having a cadre and an alternative agenda. --> The primary opposition parties of the country are limited in terms of having a cadre and an alternative agenda.
Underestimating the potential of these challenges would be a big mistake. --> I think Underestimating the potential of these challenges would be a large mistake.
The propaganda media in the country will try its best to hide the reality of the politics of resistance. --> The propaganda media in the country will give its best attempt to not show the reality of the politics of resistance.
Dalits felt that if a brilliant student like Vemula didn’t get justice under Modi’s rule, then what hope for justice and equality did any of them have? On social media, Dalit anger exploded. --> Dalits felt that if a very intelligent student like Vemula didn’t get justice under Modi’s rule, then what hope for justice and equality did any of them have? On social media, Dalit anger exploded.
The Maharashtra once again shook the government. --> The Maharashtra once again gave an unexpected result to the government.
But power has its own intoxicating effects. --> But power has its own exciting effects.
Almost five years after Singh’s statement, his successor Narendra Modi seems to be faced with a similar situation. --> Almost five years after Singh’s statement, his successor Narendra Modi would be faced with a similar situation.
Although Modi, all by himself, remains one of the most charismatic actors in Indian politics, his oratory skills aren’t completely unmatched. --> Although Modi, all by himself, remains one of the most powerful personality in Indian politics, his oratory skills aren’t completely unmatched.
In fact, they are being robustly challenged by the spontaneity of one his former friends and now an opponent, Navjot Singh Sidhu. --> In fact, they are being forcefully challenged by the spontaneity of one his former friends and now an opponent, Navjot Singh Sidhu.
Sidhu’s scathing attack on the BJP came on the sidelines of the Congress’ Plenary meet, where the cricket commentator, angry politician and comedian compared the BJP to a blood-sucking leech. --> Sidhu’s criticizing opinion on the BJP came on the sidelines of the Congress’ Plenary meet, where the cricket commentator, angry politician and comedian compared the BJP to a blood-sucking leech.
The BJP MP gave an insight into the thought process of Dalits and why they are really angry. --> The BJP MP gave an attention into the thought process of Dalits and why they are really angry.
Muhammad Taufiq had just been born when the searing winds of history scorched his world, and began driving him towards his death. --> Muhammad Taufiq had just been born when the painful truth of history scorched his world, and began driving him towards his death.
Today, the biggest problem for UP’s farmers are the old abandoned cows who enter their farms during the night and destroy their crops. --> Today, the largest issue for UP’s farmers are the old abandoned cows who enter their farms during the night and destroy their crops.
Such heavy increase in attrition during the times when jobs in open market are not easily available needs some serious analysis. --> Such large growth in attrition during the times when jobs in open market are not easily available needs some serious analysis.
What is even more interesting is that many of his controversial remarks have been made against Narendra Modi and the BJP, of which he is now a part. --> What is even more unexpected is that many of his controversial remarks have been made against Narendra Modi and the BJP, of which he is now a part.
The Vyapam scam refers to massive irregularities in state government job recruitment and the selection for medical courses undertaken by the Madhya Pradesh Professional Examination Board. --> The Vyapam scam refers to a large amount of irregularities in state government job recruitment and the selection for medical courses undertaken by the Madhya Pradesh Professional Examination Board.
It has claimed massive irregularities in the granting of state government procurement and other works through a website developed by two private IT companies. --> It has claimed huge number of irregularities in the granting of state government procurement and other works through a website developed by two private IT companies.
The Shiv Sena is in no mood to settle for anything less than 50:50 seat sharing with the BJP. --> The Shiv Sena is in not any intention to get agreed for anything less than 50:50 seat sharing with the BJP.
With the BJP tirelessly reaching out to the Sena for support before the upcoming Lok Sabha and state assembly elections, the Sena has now pitched a new formula. --> With the BJP frequently reaching out to the Sena for support before the upcoming Lok Sabha and state assembly elections, the Sena has now released a new formula .
The labour unions originally wanted to take out a car morcha, but the police denied permission for it, as it would create massive traffic jams. --> The labour unions originally wanted to take out a car morcha, but the police denied permission for it, as it would create huge traffic jams.
The ABP opinion poll predicts a massive win for the Congress in the Rajasthan Assembly election, with the party getting 142 of the 200 seats, while the BJP is reduced to just 56 seats. --> The ABP opinion poll predicts a high margin win for the Congress in the Rajasthan Assembly election, with the party getting 142 of the 200 seats, while the BJP is reduced to just 56 seats.
If Gogoi has so far not left us a bigger track record in more important cases, it can only be attributed to the machinations of CJI Dipak Misra, who has refused to include senior judges on constitutional benches hearing important matters --> If Gogoi has so far not left us a longer track record in more important cases, it can only be attributed to the machinations of CJI Dipak Misra, who has refused to include senior judges on constitutional benches hearing important matters
Given his superbly well-reasoned judgement in (concerning the appointment of non-Brahmin in Tamil Nadu) one would have loved to read his take on religion and constitutional rights in the Sabarimala case. --> Given his unexpected well-reasoned judgement in (concerning the appointment of non-Brahmin in Tamil Nadu) one would have loved to read his take on religion and constitutional rights in the Sabarimala case.
It sounds unfair, but there are certain obligations that come with an office of such importance and dignity, and Gogoi didn’t respond to it well enough. --> I think It sounds unfair , but there are certain obligations that come with an office of such importance and dignity, and Gogoi didn’t respond to it well enough.
While most of the apparent unease could be a bargaining ploy on the part of allies to get an upper hand in distribution of seats, there is no denying that the BJP-led NDA does not give the impression of a steady ship. --> While most of the apparent unease could be a negotiation work on the part of allies to get an upper hand in distribution of seats, there is no denying that the BJP-led NDA does not give the indication of any support from them.
DMK top brass would grudgingly complain that their leaders were made scapegoats. --> DMK top brass would unwillingly complain that their leaders were made as targets.
Rahul launched a scathing attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi while addressing rallies in Satna and Chitrakoot on the first day of his two-day visit to Madhya Pradesh. --> Rahul launched a very strong negative opinion on Prime Minister Narendra Modi while addressing rallies in Satna and Chitrakoot on the first day of his two-day visit to Madhya Pradesh.
After the Bhopal roadshow, a huge crowd gathered to take part in Rahul Gandhi’s roadshow in Rewa. --> After the Bhopal roadshow, a large amount of people came together to take part in Rahul Gandhi’s roadshow in Rewa.
This, despite several attempts by President Yameen to muzzle the press, scare the Opposition into submission through repeated police raids on their offices, and the arrest of dozens of Opposition MPs and last minute instructions to the Election Commission to distort the counting process. --> This, despite several attempts by President Yameen to make the press quiet, feared the Opposition into submission through repeated police raids on their offices, and the arrest of dozens of Opposition MPs and last minute instructions to the Election Commission to distort the counting process.
The massive rally is considered to be an iconic political movement the country saw this year. --> The huge rally is considered to be an iconic political movement the country saw this year.
The student unions in Karnataka had strong influence over the university’s policies during those years. --> The student unions in Karnataka had strong impact over the university’s policies during those years.
The Central Government has been firefighting allegations of massive corruption and cronyism over the mega defence deal. --> The Central Government has been firefighting allegations of large quantity of corruption and cronyism over the mega defence deal.
The TV channels, with the exception of NDTV, chose to mostly stay silent on this big development. --> The TV channels, with the exception of NDTV, chose to not interfere on this big development.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi on Monday, 17 September, launched his party's campaign in poll-bound Madhya Pradesh, which is known to be a Bharatiya Janata Party bastion, with a massive roadshow in Bhopal. --> Congress President Rahul Gandhi on Monday, 17 September, launched his party's campaign in poll-bound Madhya Pradesh, which is known to be a Bharatiya Janata Party bastion, with a huge roadshow in Bhopal.
Even after 71 years, the anger and pain of Partition haunts us. --> Even after 71 years, the negative effects of Partition scares us.
Eyinah, the author of Pakistan's first anti-homophobia children's book, also congratulated India on the massive judgment. --> Eyinah, the author of Pakistan's first anti-homophobia children's book, also congratulated India on the highly effective judgment.
He listed the names of the some of the greatest films of all times which were shot in the RK Studios during its 70-year history and said the government must initiate steps to preserve the tremendous historical and sentimental value attached to it --> He listed the names of the some of the best films of all times which were shot in the RK Studios during its 70-year history and said the government must initiate steps to preserve the tremendous historical and sentimental value attached to it
On 5 September, MK Alagiri is planning a massive rally with an intent to prove that the cadre of DMK still support him. --> On 5 September, MK Alagiri is planning a large rally with an intent to prove that the cadre of DMK still support him.
The violence, demonstrations, and heckling that erupted in Kashmir on Eid (22 August), put to test the newly-appointed Governor of Jammu and Kashmir, Satya Pal Malik, even before he took on his extremely challenging role. --> The violence, demonstrations, and heckling that erupted in Kashmir on Eid (22 August), put to test the newly-appointed Governor of Jammu and Kashmir, Satya Pal Malik, even before he took on his highly challenging role.
Abdullah was upset over the coup through which his party had been split, and his brother-in-law installed as chief minister in his place, when Jagmohan had been appointed for the first time, in 1984. --> Abdullah was disappointed over the coup through which his party had been split, and his brother-in-law installed as chief minister in his place, when Jagmohan had been appointed for the first time, in 1984.
Thailand was also interested in providing assistance. --> Thailand was also showing their interest in providing assistance.
The Centre has chosen to not take a stand on the matter as the issue has already evoked a political turmoil in the Valley with the state’s two main political parties, the PDP and National Conference contending that invalidating Article 35A will leave no J&K at all. --> The Centre has chosen to not take a stand on the matter as the issue has already evoked a political confusion in the Valley with the state’s two main political parties, the PDP and National Conference contending that invalidating Article 35A will leave no J&K at all.
The Supreme Court on Friday, 24 August, delivered a massive victory to the Trinamool Congress by holding that there will no re-elections in the 20,000-odd seats that went uncontested in the West Bengal Panchayat polls. --> The Supreme Court on Friday, 24 August, delivered a high difference victory to the Trinamool Congress by holding that there will no re-elections in the 20,000-odd seats that went uncontested in the West Bengal Panchayat polls.
Goods and Services Tax caused distress to millions of people, leaving many unemployed. --> Goods and Services Tax caused disappointment to millions of people, leaving many unemployed.
The Dalit outfit Bhim Army staged a massive protest on Delhi’s Parliament Street on 19 August to voice their dissent against the arrest of Dalit activists across the country, founder Chandrashekar Azad’s imprisonment and to expose BJP’s anti-Dalit policies. --> The Dalit outfit Bhim Army staged a huge protest on Delhi’s Parliament Street on 19 August to voice their dissent against the arrest of Dalit activists across the country, founder Chandrashekar Azad’s imprisonment and to expose BJP’s anti-Dalit policies.
This scary video of the landslide in Kodagu shows how dangerous the situation in the district has turned. --> This fearing video of the landslide in Kodagu shows how dangerous the situation in the district has turned.
Luckily, no one was in the building at the time of the incident. --> Fortunately, no one was in the building at the time of the incident.
According to the Deputy Commissioner of Kodagu district Srividya P, massive landslides were witnessed in several parts of Kodagu, even as roads and walkways were completely inundated by rains. --> According to the Deputy Commissioner of Kodagu district Srividya P, huge landslides were witnessed in several parts of Kodagu, even as roads and walkways were completely inundated by rains.
Just when observers hoped that death would end the bitter rivalry between Jayalalithaa and Karunanidhi that largely dominated Dravidian politics, another ugly chapter unfolds. --> Just when observers hoped that death would end the bad rivalry between Jayalalithaa and Karunanidhi that largely dominated Dravidian politics, another problematic issue comes out.
It is a political misadventure by the ruling AIADMK government, and such pettiness will only result in a massive backlash. --> It is a political misfortunate by the ruling AIADMK government, and such carelessness will only result in a huge backlash.
Nonetheless, the NRC was a massive administrative exercise. --> Nonetheless, the NRC was a great administrative exercise.
Vivek Gupta At the height of the anti-corruption movement in 2011 (led by Anna Hazare), an article in the by Ashutosh Varshney and Jayant Sinha sparked a huge debate. --> Vivek Gupta At the height of the anti-corruption movement in 2011 (led by Anna Hazare), an article in the by Ashutosh Varshney and Jayant Sinha started a huge debate.
An interesting anecdote in the book is that of liquor baron Vijay Mallya, who left India in 2016 and is currently residing in London. --> An amazing story in the book is that of liquor baron Vijay Mallya, who left India in 2016 and is currently residing in London.
A massive search operation for the bodies of four boys who drowned off Juhu Chowpatty on Thursday lasted until Friday, when the bodies of three victims – Fardeen Saudagar, Sohail Shakil and Nazir Ghazi – were recovered. --> A very long search operation for the bodies of four boys who drowned off Juhu Chowpatty on Thursday lasted until Friday, when the bodies of three victims – Fardeen Saudagar, Sohail Shakil and Nazir Ghazi – were recovered.
A massive traffic jam was reported on the Mumbai-Goa highway near Mahad in Maharashtra’s Raigad district on Thursday morning after the busy road was blocked by a landslide after rains. --> A very big traffic jam was reported on the Mumbai-Goa highway near Mahad in Maharashtra’s Raigad district on Thursday morning after the busy road was blocked by a landslide after rains.
Cricket fans would agree that in record books, a 40-ball century on a placid pitch will always count for more than a gritty match-saving thirty in tough batting conditions. --> Cricket fans would agree that in record books, a 40-ball century on a placid pitch will always count for more than a courageous match-saving thirty in tough batting conditions.
The government will have to bear this massive expense every 15 years because that is how long these machines stay functional. --> The government will have to bear this big expense every 15 years because that is how long these machines stay functional.
The TMC had registered a massive victory in Maheshtala by securing 1,04,818 votes, while the BJP's vote share had witnessed a massive rise to 42,053 votes. --> The TMC had registered a huge victory in Maheshtala by securing 1,04,818 votes, while the BJP's vote share had seen a huge rise to 42,053 votes.
Struggling to convert his starts into big scores in the ongoing IPL, young Rajasthan Royals opener Yashasvi Jaiswal is hoping for a change in fortunes after a post-match conversation with India and Royal Challengers Bangalore captain Virat Kohli. --> getting difficult to convert his starts into big scores in the ongoing IPL, young Rajasthan Royals opener Yashasvi Jaiswal is hoping for a change in his game after a post-match conversation with India and Royal Challengers Bangalore captain Virat Kohli.
The youngsters in the Indian wrestling contingent will seek to gain big-stage experience in the absence of star players even as Anshu Malik's performance will be followed keenly at the World Championships, starting on Saturday. --> The youngsters in the Indian wrestling contingent will try to get a big-stage experience in the absence of star players even as Anshu Malik's performance will be followed keenly at the World Championships, starting on Saturday.
It will be interesting to see how Sangeeta Phogat fares, qualifying for the tournament beyond her own expectations on comeback. --> It will be interesting to see how Sangeeta Phogat fares, qualifying for the tournament more than she expected on comeback.
There was no looking back for the speedy striker after that and he was a part of India's incredible rise in global hockey. --> There was no looking back for the speedy striker after that and he was a part of India's amazing rise in global hockey.
CSK are eyeing the top of the points table as they take on RCB in Sharjah. --> CSK are aiming for the top of the points table as they take on RCB in Sharjah.
Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) would look to shrug off the crushing defeat in the previous outing and get their mojo back when they take on Mahendra Singh Dhoni's resilient Chennai Super Kings. --> Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) would look to overcome the insulting defeat in the previous outing and get their mojo back when they take on Mahendra Singh Dhoni's resilient Chennai Super Kings.
Hardik showed glimpses of returning to form with the bat during their win over Punjab Kings earlier this week. --> Hardik showed indication of returning to form with the bat during their win over Punjab Kings earlier this week.
Suryakumar's form has been another big cause for concern for India in the lead up to their T20 World Cup campaign. --> Suryakumar's form has been another great reason to think for India in the lead up to their T20 World Cup campaign.
CSK have put behind the horrors of IPL 2020 to win 4 matches on the bounce in the UAE this season and 7 on the trot, overall away from India. --> CSK have put behind the fears of IPL 2020 to win 4 matches on the bounce in the UAE this season and 7 on the trot, overall away from India.
Wriddhiman Saha took on the aggressor's role in the powerplay and he did well to take Sunrisers to 41 for 1 at the end of the powerplay. --> Wriddhiman Saha took on the big hitters role in the powerplay and he did well to take Sunrisers to 41 for 1 at the end of the powerplay.
With his field settings, bowling changing and other tactics, Dhoni has showcased why he is rated one of the best white-ball captains in the world. --> With his field settings, bowling changing and other tactics, Dhoni has demonstrated why he is rated one of the best white-ball captains in the world.
Rashid Khan, Abhishek Sharma and Abdul Samad played fine cameos after Wriddhiman Saha hit 44. --> Rashid Khan, Abhishek Sharma and Abdul Samad played good quality of short roles after Wriddhiman Saha hit 44.
Josh Hazlewood finished with his best IPL figures while Dwayne Bravo was brilliant as usual. --> Josh Hazlewood finished with his best IPL figures while Dwayne Bravo was in his top form as expected.
Harshal Patel has emerged as Virat Kohli’s go-to man at the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the ongoing Indian Premier League. --> Harshal Patel has emerged as Virat Kohli’s trusted player at the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the ongoing Indian Premier League.
Harshal Patel has been brilliant at death, and he is ready to do the tough job he had planned meticulously. --> Harshal Patel has been in a very good form at death, and he is ready to do the difficult task he had decided very carefully.
However, Bishnoi’s effort went in vain though, as Hardik Pandya hit a 30-ball 40 to help Mumbai gunned down 136 in 19 overs and kept their hopes of reaching the play-offs alive. --> However, Bishnoi’s effort went in no effect though, as Hardik Pandya hit a 30-ball 40 to help Mumbai scored 136 in 19 overs and kept their hopes of reaching the play-offs alive.
His opening partner Mayank Agarwal (57 off 42 balls) was more attacking but was fooled by Chahal's cleve variation of pace as he top edged a sweep shot. --> His opening partner Mayank Agarwal (57 off 42 balls) was playing more fearlessly but was tackled by Chahal's cleve variation of pace as he top edged a sweep shot.
The upcoming edition is bringing the choicest selection from 7000 brands, offering a whopping collection of 10 lakh styles, making it one of the biggest fashion events in the country, this festive season. --> The upcoming edition is bringing the choicest selection from 7000 brands, offering a amazing collection of 10 lakh styles, making it one of the biggest fashion events in the country, this festive season.
Yashasvi Jaiswal and Shivam Dube'S blazing fifties helped Rajasthan Royals beat CSK by seven wickets. --> Yashasvi Jaiswal and Shivam Dube'S great fifties helped Rajasthan Royals beat CSK by seven wickets.
Gaikwad was on 95 when he got the strike on the fifth ball of the last over. He then hammered a massive six off the last ball to reach his ton. --> Gaikwad was on 95 when he got the strike on the fifth ball of the last over. He then hammered a big six off the last ball to reach his ton.
The sale of antacid powders has also gone up significantly in Vadodara that medical stores are facing trouble with stocking up the same as people are using the powder to bake cakes. --> The sale of antacid powders has also gone up significantly in Vadodara that medical stores are having difficulties with stocking up the same as people are using the powder to bake cakes.
One of the youngsters in that team is Ruturaj Gaikwad who is in red-hot form in the 2021 Indian Premier League. --> One of the youngsters in that team is Ruturaj Gaikwad who is in great form in the 2021 Indian Premier League.
Some of his breathtaking shots were applauded by CSK team-mates, including skipper Dhoni, from the dressing room. --> Some of his unbelievable short were applauded by CSK team-mates, including skipper Dhoni, from the dressing room.
A calm and composed Ruturaj has never been seen getting involved in an altercation or sledging during a match. --> A very calm and focused Ruturaj has never been seen getting involved in an altercation or sledging during a match.
Chavan is confident that the 24-year-old has enough talent and drive to cement his place as a future opening batsman in the Indian team. --> Chavan is confident that the 24-year-old has enough talent and has fixed his place as a future opening batsman in the Indian team.
MI might be the most successful IPL team, with as many as 5 titles and the defending champions, but this season has been a very tough one for Rohit Sharma and his boys. --> MI might be the most successful IPL team, with as many as 5 titles and the defending champions, but this season has been a very difficult one for Rohit Sharma and his boys.
MI knew that they had to pull off a big win and they managed to do just that. --> MI knew that they had to get a big win and they managed to do just that.
Hardik Pandya, not bowling is a big blow, not just for Mumbai Indians, but for India as well, because he was taken in the team as an all-rounder. --> Hardik Pandya, not bowling is a big issue, not just for Mumbai Indians, but for India as well, because he was taken in the team as an all-rounder.
Both Suryakumar and Ishan have been horribly out of form in the UAE leg of the lucrative league. --> Both Suryakumar and Ishan have been badly out of form in the UAE leg of the lucrative league.
Ishan, an explosive top-order batsman and a wicketkeeper, has managed just 107 runs from the eight IPL games he has played this season. --> Ishan, an very good top-order batsman and a wicketkeeper, has managed just 107 runs from the eight IPL games he has played this season.
Parvez Rasool stood thunderstruck when Umran Malik tormented the KKR batsmen on his IPL debut with his sheer pace. --> Parvez Rasool stood stunned when Umran Malik tormented the KKR batsmen on his IPL debut with his sheer pace.
Delhi coming into the game after suffering a heartbreaking final-ball loss against Royal Challengers Bangalore at the same venue on Friday, October 8. --> Delhi coming into the game after experiencing a heartbreaking final-ball loss against Royal Challengers Bangalore at the same venue on Friday, October 8.
Delhi's main strength lies in the fact that any of their bowlers could bowl at different stages of the innings. --> Delhi's actual power lies in the fact that any of their bowlers could bowl at different stages of the innings.
Given the form Glenn Maxwell has been in this season, it was hardly surprising that he again piloted his team's chase with an unbeaten 33-ball 51. --> Given the form Glenn Maxwell has been in this season, it was not unexpected that he again piloted his team's chase with an unbeaten 33-ball 51.
Maxwell flirted with danger on more than one occasion. --> Maxwell played with danger on more than one occasion.
Earlier, RCB were off to a horrendous start, losing openers Devdutt Padikkal (0) and Kohli (4) within the third over. --> Earlier, RCB were off to a very bad start, losing openers Devdutt Padikkal (0) and Kohli (4) within the third over.
Nishad had scored a surprise victory in the recent bypolls from Gorakhpur. --> Nishad had scored a very unexpected victory in the recent bypolls from Gorakhpur.
After a round of fiery speeches in Bengaluru on 29 January 2018, Dalit activist-turned-politician, Jignesh Mevani announced he would shift focus from Gujarat to challenge the BJP in poll-bound Karnataka. --> After a round of motivational speech in Bengaluru on 29 January 2018, Dalit activist-turned-politician, Jignesh Mevani announced he would shift focus from Gujarat to challenge the BJP in poll-bound Karnataka.
The fate of the Congress last big bastion will be decided in a couple of months. --> The belief of the Congress last big fort will be decided in a couple of months.
His visit to Australia, only the second by a French president, comes amid heightened tensions in the Pacific, where France has numerous interests. --> His visit to Australia, only the second by a French president, comes amid huge problems in the Pacific, where France has numerous interests.
It is being viewed in the legal community as a genuine shock that the decision hasn’t been made immediately. --> It is being viewed in the legal community as a manual shock that the decision hasn’t been made immediately.
The Congress hoped the SC Collegium would reiterate its decision to elevate Justice Joseph to the apex court. --> The Congress beleived the SC Collegium would reiterate its decision to elevate Justice Joseph to the apex court.
DD turned around their horrible start as opener Prithvi Shaw and skipper Shreyas Iyer scored 48 runs in the 5-over powerplay. --> DD turned around their bad start as opener Prithvi Shaw and skipper Shreyas Iyer scored 48 runs in the 5-over powerplay.
And everywhere in this troubled swath of Myanmar's north, there is a growing sense the conflict will only get worse. --> And everywhere in this stressed swath of Myanmar's north, there is a growing sense the conflict will only get more bad.
Politics is an innately volatile and risky enterprise. --> Politics is an very changing and risky field of work.
For a while, it seemed that Rahul Gandhi had slung a scalding boomerang which could turn around and singe him. --> For a while, it was expected that Rahul Gandhi had said a very arguable statement which could turn around and harm him.
Whenever the Union Finance Minister is about to announce the Union budget, the people of the country wait with curiosity. --> Whenever the Union Finance Minister is about to announce the Union budget, the people of the country wait like curious people.
Australian Glenn Maxwell drew first blood for the hosts with the wicket of opener Chris Lynn (5) in the second over of the innings before New Zealander Trent Boult jolted the visitors with the wickets of Robin Uthappa (1) and Sunil Narine (26) in the very next over. --> Australian Glenn Maxwell did first damage for the hosts with the wicket of opener Chris Lynn (5) in the second over of the innings before New Zealander Trent Boult entertained the visitors with the wickets of Robin Uthappa (1) and Sunil Narine (26) in the very next over.
Earlier, Iyer continued with his brilliant form, firing four sixes and a boundary to milk 29 runs from the final over, and propel Delhi to a mammoth score after being put in to bat. --> Earlier, Iyer continued with his amazing form, firing four sixes and a boundary to score 29 runs from the final over, and propel Delhi to a big score after being put in to bat.
The JD(S) employed its entire political machinery to ensure Siddaramaiah’s defeat. --> The JD(S) employed its whole political party to ensure Siddaramaiah’s defeat.
The task is made tougher as sub-optimal leadership faces the task of rebuilding the party and restructuring its shattered image and appeal. --> The task is made more difficult as sub-optimal leadership faces the task of rebuilding the party and restructuring its destroyed reputation and appeal.
It’s primarily because regional parties fractured by hyper-partisanship, regional issues and regional sentiment hardly overcome political myopia. --> It’s primarily because regional parties ,not able to do anything because of hyper-partisanship regional issues and regional sentiment mostly do not overcome political myopia.
It’s going to be an action-packed day in the Supreme Court on Friday, 27 April, with important pleas – including the transfer of the Kathua rape case, the Ayodhya dispute and Shanti Bhushan’s plea on the master of roster controversy – scheduled to be held. --> It’s going to be an day full of action in the Supreme Court on Friday, 27 April, with important pleas – including the transfer of the Kathua rape case, the Ayodhya dispute and Shanti Bhushan’s plea on the master of roster controversy – scheduled to be held.
Gayle found back his groove by welcoming medium pacer Basil Thampi for a thunderous six, and helping his side past the 50-run mark. --> Gayle found back his form by welcoming medium pacer Basil Thampi for a huge six, and helping his side past the 50-run mark.
Rahul's innings was laced with a range of stylish cover drives and straight drives. --> Rahul's innings was completely filled with a range of beautiful cover drives and straight drives.
Afghan all-rounder Nabi then joined Pathan for the final two deliveries but couldn't trouble the scorers much as Rajpoot had the last laugh. --> Afghan all-rounder Nabi then joined Pathan for the final two deliveries but couldn't do something against the scorers much as Rajpoot had the opportuntity near the end of the game.
Winless Mumbai Indians will pit their might against the formidable Royal Challengers Bangalore in an adrenaline-charged Indian Premier League match in Mumbai on Tuesday, 17 April. --> Winless Mumbai Indians will try to compete against the formidable Royal Challengers Bangalore in an highly entertaining Indian Premier League match in Mumbai on Tuesday, 17 April.
Both teams, with a plethora of explosive batsmen, are yet to find their feet in the T20 league, and would be keen to gather some momentum with a victory here at the Wankhede Stadium. --> Both teams, with a high numbers of good quality batsmen, are yet to find their feet in the T20 league, and would be keen to gather some momentum with a victory here at the Wankhede Stadium.
Actor Prakash Raj, known for his speeches against the BJP, has now taken a dig at the saffron party leaders, especially the party's Karnataka President BS Yeddyurappa. --> Actor Prakash Raj, known for his speeches against the BJP, has now aimed at the saffron party leaders, especially the party's Karnataka President BS Yeddyurappa.
Although the decision came as a shock to many in the BJP, and even resulted in some of the workers vandalising a BJP office, in the villages of Varuna, this decision was not a surprise. --> Although the decision came as a very unwanted news to many in the BJP, and even resulted in some of the workers vandalising a BJP office, in the villages of Varuna, this decision was not an unexpected news.
During the chase, Mumbai too began on a horrendous note. --> During the chase, Mumbai too began on a remarkable innings.
Chennai Super Kings defeated Sunrisers Hyderabad by 4 runs in a nail biting encounter in Hyderabad on Sunday. --> Chennai Super Kings defeated Sunrisers Hyderabad by 4 runs in a very suspense match in Hyderabad on Sunday.
With Williamson and Pathan at crease, Sunrisers were hoping against hope to do the unthinkable till Williamson got out for a well made 84 off 51 balls, which included five fours and five sixes. --> With Williamson and Pathan at crease, Sunrisers were thinking against the belief to do the unexpected till Williamson got out for a well made 84 off 51 balls, which included five fours and five sixes.
Modi wants the crown of the “world’s greatest politician,” just as the title of the “world’s greatest athlete” belongs to the decathlon winner at the Olympics. --> Modi wants the title of the “world’s greatest politician,” just as the title of the “world’s greatest athlete” belongs to the decathlon winner at the Olympics.
The Congress was also trying to build up moral pressure on the Chief Justice of India in the hope that he would step down from judicial duty if an impeachment motion was moved against him. --> The Congress was also trying to create a moral pressure on the Chief Justice of India in the belief that he would step down from judicial duty if an impeachment motion was moved against him.
The BJP so far has been evasive over the MLA’s speech and is yet to condemn it. --> The BJP so far has been ignoring over the MLA’s speech and is yet to condemn it.
For the Congress in Karnataka, Dalits have been one of the strongest votebanks. --> For the Congress in Karnataka, Dalits have been one of the powerful source of votes.
Although the AIMEP is not taken seriously by the major political parties, the Congress had alleged that the party has a partnership with the BJP to eat into the Muslim vote bank. --> Although the AIMEP is not given any importance by the major political parties, the Congress had alleged that the party has a partnership with the BJP to try for the Muslim vote bank.
If you want to know just how bad Donald Trump's healthcare bill would be for this country, just ask Ali Chandra. --> If you want to know just how disappointing Donald Trump's healthcare bill would be for this country, just ask Ali Chandra.
Eric Trump has a new haircut and that haircut looks to be an outrageously offensive political statement. --> Eric Trump has a new haircut and that haircut looks to be an very offensive political statement.
Trump got into a bizarre pissing match with former President Obama during his interview with Fox News. --> Trump got into a rare rivalry match with former President Obama during his interview with Fox News.
Donald Trump Jr. is so furious over Johnny Depp's bad assassination joked that he wants Disney to fire the actor. --> Donald Trump Jr. is so furious over Johnny Depp's insulting joke of assasination that he wants Disney to fire the actor.
Donald Trump stroked his own ego again and got humiliated for it. --> Donald Trump demonstrated his own ego again and got humiliated for it.
John McCain completely embarrasses his own party with stunning admission about russia and healthcare bill. --> John McCain completely inuslts his own party with amazing admission about russia and healthcare bill.
Donald Trump is no stranger to doing business in the Middle East, yet for some unknown reason, he could never quite crack the Qatar market. --> Donald Trump is not new to doing business in the Middle East, yet for some unknown reason, he could never quite crack the Qatar market.
It's crystal clear that nobody can accuse Sean Hannity of knowing what he's talking about, particularly over Twitter. --> It's very easy to understand that nobody can accuse Sean Hannity of knowing what he's talking about, particularly over Twitter.
Trump actually screams on white house television, proves he is mentally unfit to be president. --> Trump actually screams on white house television,showing that he is not mentally strong to be president.
Donald Trump is literally the old man who yells at his television set. --> Donald Trump is obviously the old man who yells at his television set.
In a shocking turn of events, the Trump administration has done something good. --> In an unexpected turn of events, the Trump administration has done something good.
The world was stunned when Donald Trump pulled the USA out of the Paris Climate Accord, claiming that the deal was very unfair to the United States. --> The world was amazed when Donald Trump pulled the USA out of the Paris Climate Accord, claiming that the deal was very unfair to the United States.
The Republican Party and the Trump White House just suffered a humiliating defeat as their signature campaign promise to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act immediately couldn't even pass a vote on the House floor with a large GOP majority. --> The Republican Party and the Trump White House just suffered a embarassing defeat as their signature campaign promise to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act immediately couldn't even pass a vote on the House floor with a large GOP majority.
A Republican Senator found himself in a tough position when he was trapped on a flight with an American citizen who wanted answers about the disgusting repeal and replacement of Obamacare. --> A Republican Senator found himself in a difficult situation when he was trapped on a flight with an American citizen who wanted answers about the bad repeal and replacement of Obamacare.
In a stunning example of just how out-of-touch and heartless the Republican Party is towards women's healthcare. --> In a amazing example of just how out of contact and careless the Republican Party is towards women's healthcare.
What's even more surprising, is that many of the party's most prominent members are doing very little to hide their feelings and disappointment. --> I think What's even more surprising, is that many of the party's most prominent members are doing very little to hide their feelings and disappointment.
A sit-down meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel went from painfully awkward to downright offensive when Trump couldn't even muster an ounce of humility and grace. --> A sit-down meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel went from really very strange to directly opposing when Trump couldn't even gather a little amount of humity and grace.
It appears that a hacker had a bit of fun with McDonald's corporate Twitter account Thursday morning. --> It appears that a hacker had a some amount of fun with McDonald's corporate Twitter account Thursday morning.
Donald Trump is 50 days into his presidency and and he has done nothing but cheat the American people while destroying and embarrassing our country. --> Donald Trump is 50 days into his presidency and and he has done nothing but fooled the American people while harming and insulting our country.
At every turn, Simbu seemed utterly lost about half the things he was saying, constantly checking with his team on what he was talking about. --> At every turn, Simbu looked mostly confused about half the things he was saying, constantly checking with his team on what he was talking about.
This was followed by a long, awkward pause where Professor Simbu waited for an answer from the journalists who probably questioned what they were doing there. --> This was followed by a long, strange pause where Professor Simbu waited for an answer from the journalists who probably questioned what they were doing there.
The bus conductor from Bengaluru who stormed Tamil cinema with a string of megahits, trademark dialogues, mannerisms and gravity-defying feats to become one of Asia's highest-paid movie stars with a fan following even in distant Japan. --> The bus conductor from Bengaluru who made a name on Tamil cinema with a string of megahits, trademark dialogues, mannerisms and impossible action to become one of Asia's highest-paid movie stars with a fan following even in distant Japan.
Dr Dharamvir Gandhi's tenure as a member of Parliament may be in limbo, but the Aam Aadmi Party leader continues to be relevant due to stands he take on social issues in Punjab. --> Dr Dharamvir Gandhi's tenure as a member of Parliament may be in confusion, but the Aam Aadmi Party leader continues to be relevant due to stands he take on social issues in Punjab.
Even on Punjab's burning problem of drugs, he has suggested radical solutionslike legalising and regulating the supply of traditional intoxicants such as opium and marijuana (cannabis). --> Even on Punjab's rising problem of drugs, he has suggested radical solutionslike legalising and regulating the supply of traditional intoxicants such as opium and marijuana (cannabis).
The DIG CBI Manish Kumar Sinha’s petition in the Supreme Court on 18 November not only opened a can of worms, but also raised the issue of privacy and illegal phone tapping. --> The DIG CBI Manish Kumar Sinha’s petition in the Supreme Court on 18 November not only opened a series of crimes, but also raised the issue of privacy and illegal phone tapping.
What’s really distressing is that the people of India find it acceptable and even praiseworthy. --> What’s really disappointing is that the people of India find it acceptable and even worthy to praise it.
Close on the heels of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) filing charge sheet in a multi-crore funds embezzlement, the Jammu and Kashmir Cricket Association (JKCA) has landed in the eye of the storm as Governor Satya Pal Malik assigned a fresh inquiry to Advisor in-charge of sports Vijay Kumar. --> close on the responsibility of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) filing charge sheet in a multi-crore funds embezzlement, the Jammu and Kashmir Cricket Association (JKCA) has landed in the range of the dangerous situation as Governor Satya Pal Malik assigned a fresh inquiry to Advisor in-charge of sports Vijay Kumar.
The city heaved a sigh of relief on Wednesday after private water tanker operators and suppliers of packaged drinking water called off their three-day strike. --> The city expericed a moment of relief on Wednesday after private water tanker operators and suppliers of packaged drinking water called off their three-day strike.
The raging tempest between the elected state government in Delhi and the central government hit a veritable rock-bottom when, on Tuesday, Delhi lieutenant-governor Anil Baijal, on orders of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), who had, allegedly, been appointed by the AAP to unsanctioned posts. --> The rising issues between the elected state government in Delhi and the central government hit a impressive beggining to aggression between the two when, on Tuesday, Delhi lieutenant-governor Anil Baijal, on orders of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), who had, allegedly, been appointed by the AAP to unsanctioned posts.
This is not the first time the central government has acted out of spiteful political vendetta. --> This is not the first time the central government has acted out of unpleasant political vendetta.
In a major embarrassment to BJP's Karnataka unit, the party's candidate for the Ramanagara bypolls, L Chandrashekar, stepped away from the election and rejoined the Congress on Thursday, declaring support for his rival candidate — JD(S)'s Anitha Kumaraswamy, wife of Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy. --> In a very big insult to BJP's Karnataka unit, the party's candidate for the Ramanagara bypolls, L Chandrashekar, stepped away from the election and rejoined the Congress on Thursday, declaring support for his rival candidate — JD(S)'s Anitha Kumaraswamy, wife of Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy.
Prime Minister ’s speech at the ground-breaking ceremony of various projects in Uttar Pradesh was at once a celebration of the crony capitalism he is often accused of  and a denigration of every entity that resists it. --> Prime Minister ’s speech at the exceptional ceremony of various projects in Uttar Pradesh was at once a celebration of the crony capitalism he is often said of and a denigration of every entity that resists it.
Gandhi and his party have kept up the heat on Modi with fresh charges related to the deal on almost a daily basis. --> Gandhi and his party have maintained the agression on Modi with fresh charges related to the deal on almost a daily basis.
This strange defence could not have come at a worse moment for him, at a time when his government is facing a relentless campaign unleashed by the Congress party over the multi-million dollar Rafael deal. --> This strange defence could not have come at a very bad time for him, at a time when his government is experiencing an unstopabble campaign unleashed by the Congress party over the multi-million dollar Rafael deal.
Naidu's considered avoidance of an aggressive break-up appears understandable. --> Naidu's considered avoidance of an offensive seperation appears understandable.
He can hope to influence the Union government only as long as he is within the ruling alliance. --> He can try to influence the Union government only as long as he is within the ruling alliance.
Finance Minister 's statements, which Naidu indicated precipitated the crisis, were hardly short of a snub. --> Finance Minister 's statements, which Naidu indicated precipitated the crisis, were very close to a rude behaviour.
On the other hand, BJP hopes to romp home on the back of social welfare schemes of Shivraj, development and his popularity among the masses. --> On the other hand, BJP tries to create reputation on the back of social welfare schemes of Shivraj, development and his popularity among the masses.
Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy will face a floor test on Friday, 25 May, which he is widely expected to sail through, barring any unforeseeable events, ending the 10-day political uncertainty in the state. --> Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy will face a floor test on Friday, 25 May, which he is widely expected to succeed, barring any unforeseeable events, ending the 10-day political uncertainty in the state.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) kept the pot boiling on the Sabarimala issue on Wednesday with Union minister Pon Radhakrishnan lashing out at the Left government, saying its "master plan" was to "harass" pilgrims, as the Kerala High Court slammed the police for its alleged excesses on devotees. --> The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) kept the debate continue on the Sabarimala issue on Wednesday with Union minister Pon Radhakrishnan expressing agression at the Left government, saying its "master plan" was to "harass" pilgrims, as the Kerala High Court slammed the police for its alleged excesses on devotees.
As BJP’s two-day national executive meeting came to an end, we were left with a glimpse into the broad contours of its 2019 campaign. --> As BJP’s two-day national executive meeting came to an end, we were left with a short insight into the broad contours of its 2019 campaign.
Election campaigns boil down to which party can offer the more compelling narrative. --> Election campaigns slowed down to which party can offer the more compelling narrative.
After being Karnataka’s chief minister for two action-packed days, BJP's BS Yeddyurappa decided to on Saturday. --> After being Karnataka’s chief minister for two amazing days, BJP's BS Yeddyurappa decided to on Saturday.
Having fallen on hard times following the humongous iron ore mining scam, the resourceful Reddy brothers of Ballari are back in the reckoning, with the BJP fielding two of them for the political potboiler of an Assembly poll slated next month. --> Having fallen on difficult periods following the humongous iron ore mining scam, the resourceful Reddy brothers of Ballari are back in the reckoning, with the BJP fielding two of them for the political potboiler of an Assembly poll slated next month.
Weeks of simmering tension between the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) finally came to a boil on Wednesday as the TDP, a key ally of the BJP, decided to pull out of the Narendra Modi government after the Centre ruled out Special Category Status for Andhra Pradesh, among other demands. --> Weeks of ongoing stress between the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) finally came to a conclusion on Wednesday as the TDP, a key ally of the BJP, decided to pull out of the Narendra Modi government after the Centre ruled out Special Category Status for Andhra Pradesh, among other demands.
Politics in the hill state of Uttarakhand is on the boil over (BJP) leaders including the Chief Minister Trivendra Singh Rawat expressing their preference for including some areas of western Uttar Pradesh into Uttarakhand. --> Politics in the hill state of Uttarakhand is on the rise over (BJP) leaders including the Chief Minister Trivendra Singh Rawat expressing their preference for including some areas of western Uttar Pradesh into Uttarakhand.
Congress president Rahul Gandhi while slamming the BJP over broken promises, made a few promises of his own in Mandsaur, the city in Madhya Pradesh where exactly one year ago, six people were killed in a farmers' agitation, sending shockwaves across the nation. --> Congress president Rahul Gandhi while opposing the BJP over broken promises, made a few promises of his own in Mandsaur, the city in Madhya Pradesh where exactly one year ago, six people were killed in a farmers' agitation, sending shockwaves across the nation.
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh attacked the Narendra Modi government’s handling of the Indian economy while speaking at a press conference in poll-bound Karnataka’s Bengaluru. --> Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh targeted on the Narendra Modi government’s handling of the Indian economy while speaking at a press conference in poll-bound Karnataka’s Bengaluru.
After a dramatic midnight hearing on Tuesday that continued on Wednesday morning, the Madras High Court directed the Tamil Nadu government to allot space in the Annadurai memorial on Marina beach in Chennai for the burial of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam president M Karunanidhi. --> After a suspenseful midnight hearing on Tuesday that continued on Wednesday morning, the Madras High Court directed the Tamil Nadu government to allot space in the Annadurai memorial on Marina beach in Chennai for the burial of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam president M Karunanidhi.
The Karnataka Assembly elections have witnessed a dramatic turnaround in the last few hours, with the BJP falling just short of the halfway mark, and the Congress and JD(S) surprising everyone with their plans for an alliance and staking claim to form the government. --> The Karnataka Assembly elections have experienced a huge change in the last few hours, with the BJP falling just short of the halfway mark, and the Congress and JD(S) which amazed everyone with their plans for an alliance and staking claim to form the government.
The big surprise by the Congress party has made it the ‘big fight’ of the Rajasthan elections, which pits Manvendra Singh, son of former BJP stalwart Jaswant Singh, against Vasundhara Raje. --> The big change by the Congress party has made it the ‘big fight’ of the Rajasthan elections, which pits Manvendra Singh, son of former BJP stalwart Jaswant Singh, against Vasundhara Raje.
And the heavy political missile launched by the Congress will now be the most keenly watched contest of the desert state. --> And the heavy political decision taken by the Congress will now be the mostly watched contest of the desert state.
For years, the cold war between Vasundhara Raje and the Jaswant Singh family has been the stuff of legend in Rajasthan politics. --> For years, the cold war between Vasundhara Raje and the Jaswant Singh family has been the amazing story in Rajasthan politics.
This will be no ordinary poll battle, with a dramatic mix of ego, pride and politics at play. --> This will be no ordinary poll battle, with a huge mix of ego,pride and politics at elections.
The grudge match involves a deep personal and political family feud that has raged on for over a decade. --> The unpleasnat match involves a deep personal and political family feud that has rised for over a decade.
The Congress also hopes that fielding Manvendra, a prominent Thakur leader, will help to en-cash the anger of Rajputs with the Raje government over several issues. --> The Congress also believes that fielding Manvendra, a prominent Thakur leader, will help to lower the anger of rajputs with the Raje government over several issues.
It turns out there is more than one Trump who can employ a few well-chosen words as a poison dart. --> It turns out there is more than one Trump who can employ a few well-chosen words as a powerful weapon.
For the past two months, an ego clash between two senior Congress ministers has been threatening the stability of coalition government in the state. --> For the past two months, an competiton with ego between two senior Congress ministers has been fearing the stability of coalition government in the state.
Launching a scathing attack on the central government and Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the agrarian crisis, Congress President Rahul Gandhi, who joined the farmers’ protest at the Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on Friday, 30 November, targeted the government for "favouring industrialists”. --> starting a unpleasant attack on the central government and Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the agrarian crisis, Congress President Rahul Gandhi, who joined the farmers’ protest at the Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on Friday, 30 November, targeted the government for "favouring industrialists”.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi trained his guns on the Modi government while addressing a rally in Jhalawar, Rajasthan on Wednesday, 24 October. --> Congress President Rahul Gandhi trained his people on the Modi government while addressing a rally in Jhalawar, Rajasthan on Wednesday, 24 October.
As the ripples of his political imbroglio are felt within his party, there are repercussions. --> As the signs of his political complications are felt within his party, there are repercussions.
It is common knowledge that nothing in connection with Lalu Yadav can be ordinary. --> It is common sense that nothing in connection with Lalu Yadav can be ordinary.
But no one had expected that it would go on to be such a grand ruckus. --> But no one had expected that it would go on to be such a big noisy argument.
Chaos ensued with crockery breaking and people gluttonously attacking the food. --> problematic situation began with crockery breaking and people more eating than the requirement of the food.
What seemed like Modi’s India until recently, now looks a little disenchanted after BJP’s lacklustre performance in Gujarat, and the party’s humiliating defeat in the Rajasthan bypolls. --> What seemed like Modi’s India until recently, now looks a little demotivated after BJP’s bad performance in Gujarat, and the party's embarassing defeat in the Rajasthan bypolls.
It seems that the disillusioned and disappointed Indian voter is once again looking for a change. --> It seems that the very careful and disappointed Indian voter is once again looking for a change.
Yet, the BJP should feel nervous because Paswan's suggestions go against its ideological essence. --> Yet, the BJP should not feel confident because Paswan's suggestions go against its ideological essence.
Narendra Modi's exhaustive interview conducted by the magazine throws incisive light on the tactics that BJP may adopt in 2019. --> Narendra Modi's detailed interview conducted by the magazine throws incisive light on the tactics that BJP may adopt in 2019.
In the morning, an aggressive Rahul Gandhi, arms flailing and table-thumping had dared the prime minister to look into his eyes, and declared that prime minister’s “inner guilt” would not let him do so. --> In the morning, an offensive Rahul Gandhi,energetic move and table-thumping had dared the prime minister to look into his eyes, and declared that prime minister’s “inner guilt” would not let him do so.
Modi rose to speak at the fag end of an exhausting day when the clock had well past the 9 pm mark. --> Modi rose to speak at the fag end of an tiring day when the clock had well past the 9 pm mark.
At one level, he was driving home the message that Congress is an elitist party that cannot tolerate the rising to power of someone from the fringes of the society. --> At one level, he was sending home the message that Congress is an elitist party that cannot handle getting rised to power of someone from the weak part of the society.
In recent times, we have witnessed a revolutionary transformation in the Congress party. --> In recent times, we have experienced a very big change in the Congress party.
Now, the Congress party has been working overtime to paint itself in saffron hues. --> Now, the Congress party has been working very hard to show them as a very strong party.
Much like the finale of an exasperatingly long-drawn out TV series, the Srikrishna Committee submitted its final report to the law and IT minister on Friday. --> much like the finale of an irritating long drawn-out Tv series, the Srikrishna Committee submitted its final report to the law and IT minister on Friday.
However, it appears that this emotionally and physically exhausting data privacy drama will be prolonged as the Aadhaar judgment isn’t out yet. --> However, it appears that this data privacy story full of emotions and physical pain will be prolonged as the Aadhaar judgment isn’t out yet.
On 21 September, former President of France Francois Hollande unleashed a political storm by that it was the Indian government which had proposed Anil Ambani’s firm as the partner for the offset-clause under the current Rafale agreement, and that the French government had no say in the matter. --> On 21 September, former President of France Francois Hollande started political crisis by that it was the Indian government which had proposed Anil Ambani’s firm as the partner for the offset-clause under the current Rafale agreement, and that the French government had no say in the matter.
In what appears to be an embarrassing move for the Rashtriya Janta Dal (RJD) under 28-year-old Tejashwi Yadav, his open invitation to Union Minister Upendra Kushwaha to quit the NDA and join hands with his party was firmly rejected. --> In what appears to be an insulting move for the Rashtriya Janta Dal (RJD) under 28-year-old Tejashwi Yadav, his open invitation to Union Minister Upendra Kushwaha to quit the NDA and join hands with his party was firmly rejected.
That NT Rama Rao (NTR) would be tossing in his grave seeing son-in-law Chandrababu Naidu joining hands with the Congress party, is what you are likely to hear on the streets of Andhra Pradesh. --> That NT Rama Rao (NTR) would be very disappointed seeing son-in-law Chandrababu Naidu joining hands with the Congress party, is what you are about to hear on the streets of Andhra Pradesh.
The by-election for the Ballari Lok Sabha seat was pitched as a precursor to the 2019 Lok Sabha elections. --> The by-election for the Ballari Lok Sabha seat was pitched as a before task to the 2019 Lok Sabha elections.
He flirted with political parties traversing the ideological spectrum of the mainstream camp in Kashmir. --> He tried to play with political parties traversing the ideological spectrum of the mainstream camp in Kashmir.
In an highly intense series, where players have fought hard both on and off the field, to end up doing something like this is simply too silly and stupid. --> In an extreme competitive series, where players have fought hard both on and off the field, to end up doing something like this is simply too stupid.
The Australian cricket team may be a winning team but now, even in their own backyard, the shine has worn off. --> The Australian cricket team may be a winning team but now, even in their own backyard, the motivational spirit has now disappeared.
The political temperature in West Bengal seems to be rising briskly, which is distinctly odd, given that the Lok Sabha elections are over five months away. --> The political issues in West Bengal seems to be rising suddenly, which is very strange, given that the Lok Sabha elections are over five months away.
The BJP has been sensing something, though it is not easy to identify what chimaera is chasing. --> The BJP has been analysing something, though it is not easy to identify what chimaera is trying to do.
The fight for the chief ministership of Karnataka took an ugly turn and the Supreme Court had to open its gates post-midnight. --> The fight for the chief ministership of Karnataka took an unwanted bad turn and the Supreme Court had to open its gates post-midnight.
After keeping the state on tenterhooks throughout the day and meeting both the BJP and the Congress- (Secular) combine and issued the invite only aroun 9 PM, leaving only about 12 hours for the swearing-in. --> After keeping the state on expectation throughout the day and meeting both the BJP and the Congress- (Secular) combine and issued the invite only aroun 9 PM, leaving only about 12 hours for the swearing-in.
The Modi government’s deal to buy 36 French Rafale fighter jets has whipped up a political storm in India – again. --> The Modi government’s deal to buy 36 French Rafale fighter jets has whipped up a political issue in India – again.
Former French President Francis Hollande on Friday, 21 September, triggered a massive uproar in the Opposition camp when he claimed that France was not given an option of choosing a local partner for Dassault Aeronautics. --> Former French President Francis Hollande on Friday, 21 September, caused a huge offense in the Opposition camp when he claimed that France was not given an option of choosing a local partner for Dassault Aeronautics.
The BJP had reason to feel chuffed as the curtain came down on the monsoon Session of Parliament, probably the penultimate one before the Lok Sabha polls. --> The BJP had reason to feel pleased after the completion of their sessions on the monsoon Session of Parliament, probably the penultimate one before the Lok Sabha polls.
On the face of it, the Modi government seemed to have erased a lingering perception after a disastrous budget session that it was on the backfoot. --> On the face of it, the Modi government thought to have cleared an annoying belief after a very bad budget session that it was on the backfoot.
The icing on the cake was the government’s victory in the election for the deputy chairperson of the Rajya Sabha where technically, non-NDA parties have a majority. --> The additional advantage was the government’s victory in the election for the deputy chairperson of the Rajya Sabha where technically, non-NDA parties have a majority.
The buzz around Congress chief Rahul Gandhi hugging PM Narendra Modi in Parliament refuses to die down. --> The noise around Congress chief Rahul Gandhi hugging PM Narendra Modi in Parliament refuses to stop.
Politicians are awful at predicting their own defeat. --> Politicians are very amazing at predicting their own defeat.
The stronger the politician, the louder their echo-chamber, and, therefore, the darker their blind spot. --> The stronger the politician, the more noisy is their followers , and, therefore, the more darker their weak spot.
Rajasthan's Tonk assembly constituency is set to witness an interesting poll fight between Congress state unit chief Sachin Pilot and the BJP's sitting MLA Ajit Singh Mehta. --> Rajasthan's Tonk assembly constituency is set to experience a very good poll fight between Congress state unit chief Sachin Pilot and the BJP's sitting MLA Ajit Singh Mehta.
The incident, instead of raising security concerns, soon assumed political colours, with both the TDP and the YSR Congress accusing each other of hatching a conspiracy to gain political mileage. --> The incident, instead of raising security concerns, soon assumed political variations, with both the TDP and the YSR Congress accusing each other of creating a plan to gain political strength.
It is no secret that INC is going through a severe crunch of funds and has been forced to take a slew of austerity measures. --> It is no more hidden that INC is going through a severe shortage of funds and has been forced to take a pause of serious quality measures.
The interesting bit is how the Rahul Gandhi-led party is gaslighting on transparency and “outreach” to make a virtue out of necessity. --> The interesting bit is how the Rahul Gandhi-led party is focusing on communication and “outreach” to make a virtue out of necessity.
The Monsoon Session 2018 was filled with interesting discussions and iconic moments. --> The Monsoon Session 2018 was filled with good quality disussions and memorable moments.
West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has smartly used Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal’s continuing to place herself in lead position in the proposed federal front. --> West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has intelligently used Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal’s continuing to place herself in lead position in the proposed federal front.
Iran is a dangerous place these days, at least in a car. --> Iran is a not a place to visit these days, at least in a car.
Traffic in the cities here moves like Tetris, with drivers pushing their cars into any open space that will fit. --> Traffic in the cities here moves like puzzle, with drivers pushing their cars into any open space that will fit.
Trips begin in chaos and play out in confusion. --> Trips begin in problematic situation and proceed in confusion.
Through the Bharatiya Janata Party, the RSS also now controls the levers of power. --> Through the Bharatiya Janata Party, the RSS also now controls the regulators of power.
After an intense drama and a torrid tug-of-war, the verdict ruled in his favour. --> After an extreme act and a very tough competition, the verdict ruled in his favour.
BS Yeddyurappa’s political career has taken many twists and turns. --> BS Yeddyurappa’s political career has taken many changes.
High drama unfolded outside the Tamil Nadu chief minister E Palaniswami's office on Thursday when DMK working president MK Stalin was forcibly evicted from the area after he led a protest by party leaders for not getting an appointment with Palaniswami over Sterlite protests in Thoothukudi. --> Great acting unfolded outside the Tamil Nadu chief minister E Palaniswami's office on Thursday when DMK working president MK Stalin was forced to get out from the area after he led a protest by party leaders for not getting an appointment with Palaniswami over Sterlite protests in Thoothukudi.
The Congress knows that if it has to regain power it has to somehow destroy Modi. --> The Congress understood that if it has to regain power it has to somehow defeat Modi.
The downfall of the grotesquely conjoined PDP-BJP coalition in Jammu and Kashmir doesn’t appear to have led to the mass turmoil that was witnessed on termination of Farooq Abdullah’s government in 1984 and 1990, or even Ghulam Nabi Azad’s government in 2008. --> The loss of the inappropriately joined PDP-BJP coalition in Jammu and Kashmir doesn’t appear to have led to the huge noisy situation that was witnessed on termination of Farooq Abdullah’s government in 1984 and 1990, or even Ghulam Nabi Azad’s government in 2008.
All the three times, governors took over smoothly from the civil regimes but invariably landed in a whirlpool. --> All the three times, governors took over calmly from the civil regimes but invariably landed in a tough situation.
All around the world, democracy is looking shaky. --> All around the world, democracy is looking in a very weak condition.
Launching a scathing attack on the BJP-led NDA government, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray on Sunday, 18 March, called for opposition unity and a “Modi-mukt Bharat” by 2019. --> Beginning an upleasant opposition on the BJP-led NDA government, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray on Sunday, 18 March, called for opposition unity and a “Modi-mukt Bharat” by 2019.
Undeterred by setbacks in the recent by-elections in some states, the BJP is confident of retaining the Bhandara-Gondia and Palghar Lok Sabha seats in Maharashtra, where bypolls are due. --> Not giving up irrespective of losses in the recent by-elections in some states, the BJP is sure of retaining the Bhandara-Gondia and Palghar Lok Sabha seats in Maharashtra, where bypolls are due.
However, the Congress feels the recent bypoll results were an indication of the "changing political scenario". --> However, the Congress thinks the recent bypoll results were an indication of the "changing political scenario".
Last month, the Congress thumped the ruling BJP in Rajasthan, clinching the two Lok Sabha and one state Assembly seats in the bypolls. --> Last month, the Congress defeated the ruling BJP in Rajasthan, collecting the two Lok Sabha and one state Assembly seats in the bypolls.
The bubbling cauldron of Indian politics has thrown up many dirty tricks over the years. --> The rising issues of Indian politics has thrown up many unpleasant techniques over the years.
Delhi on Sunday witnessed a massive show of strength by the ruling Aam Aadmi Party, as thousands of people gathered on the streets of the capital to protest the alleged by IAS officers working in various departments in the Delhi government. --> Delhi on Sunday experienced a huge demonstration of strength by the ruling Aam Aadmi Party, as thousands of people gathered on the streets of the capital to protest the alleged by IAS officers working in various departments in the Delhi government.
The bitter spat and ugly fallout of longtime BJD MP Baijayant Panda with his party became a public spectacle earlier this year. --> The rude argument and unpleasant behaviour of longtime BJD MP Baijayant Panda with his party became a very popular news earlier this year.
Simmering tensions between Baijayant and Naveen Patnaik were no secret earlier as well. --> enraging issues between Baijayant and Naveen Patnaik were no hidden earlier as well.
In a shock result, Samajwadi Party is set to win the by-poll in the traditional BJP stronghold and Yogi Adityanath’s erstwhile Parliamentary constituency, Gorakhpur. --> In a amazing result, Samajwadi Party is set to win the by-poll in the traditional BJP stronghold and Yogi Adityanath’s erstwhile Parliamentary constituency, Gorakhpur.
Thus in one shot, the CM and Deputy CM’s constituencies have delivered blows to the BJP. --> Thus in one shot, the CM and Deputy CM’s constituencies have delivered stress to the BJP.
To make matters worse, BJP has lost the other seat in Uttar Pradesh, previously held by KP Maurya, as well. --> To make matters more complicated, BJP has lost the other seat in Uttar Pradesh, previously held by KP Maurya, as well.
The alarm bells should have started ringing when the by-polls recorded a low turnout in both the seats in Uttar Pradesh that went into polls. --> The alerting member should have become active when the by-polls recorded a low turnout in both the seats in Uttar Pradesh that went into polls.
The results will come as a huge boost to the opposition ahead of the 2019 general elections. --> The results will come as a big advantage to the opposition ahead of the 2019 general elections.
The Bharatiya Janata Party has swept the North East, decimating all opposition, including the Congress and the Left. --> The Bharatiya Janata Party has defeated the North East, decimating all opposition, including the Congress and the Left.
A part of the country that was once cut off from the national mainstream has now been engulfed in the saffron deluge. --> A part of the country that was once seperated from the national mainstream has now been included in the large number of national works.
The North East is a tremendouslydiverse region, and each of the seven states has a distinct politics. --> The North East is a highly diversified region, and each of the seven states has a distinct politics.
Bihar chief minister has got caught in a self-woven web. --> Bihar chief minister has got caught in a trap made by himself.
The seeds of a non-BJP, non-Congress federal front seemed to have been sown Monday at a meeting between Mamata Banerjee and K Chandrasekar Rao – the chief ministers of West Bengal and Telangana, respectively, in Kolkata. --> The investments of a non-BJP, non-Congress federal front indicated to have been completed on Monday at a meeting between Mamata Banerjee and K Chandrasekar Rao – the chief ministers of West Bengal and Telangana, respectively, in Kolkata.
Uttar Pradesh state cooperative minister Mukut Bihari Verma has made an explosive comment on the issue of Ram Mandir in Ayodhya, saying that the “judiciary belongs to us” and hence the temple will be built. --> Uttar Pradesh state cooperative minister Mukut Bihari Verma has made an offensive comment on the issue of Ram Mandir in Ayodhya, saying that the “judiciary belongs to us” and hence the temple will be built.
Congress hopes the trio of Kamalnath, Scindia, Digvijay and the learnings from Gujarat will help it sail through. --> Congress thinks the trio of Kamalnath, Scindia, Digvijay and the learnings from Gujarat will help it pass through.
On the other hand, BJP hopes to romp home on the back of social welfare schemes of Shivraj. --> On the other hand, BJP think to return home on the back of social welfare schemes of Shivraj.
A fascinating contest is on in Madhya Pradesh. --> A highly amazing contest is on in Madhya Pradesh.
While the Congress party is aiming to cash in on anti-incumbency and end its 15-year, the BJP is hoping to consolidate its position further, and make the state its fortress. --> While the Congress party is thinking to get the votes on anti-incumbency and end its 15-year, the BJP is trying to consolidate its position further, and make the state its fortress.
Appointment as the Governor of Jammu and Kashmir has set the political circles abuzz. --> Appointment as the Governor of Jammu and Kashmir has set the political field noisy.
Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje, who has been in the eye of a storm due to her government's inaction over the cases of lynching in the state. --> Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje, who has been in the major target of the state due to her government's inaction over the cases of lynching in the state.
The Soviet Union and now Russia under Vladimir Putin have waged a political power struggle against the West for nearly a century. --> The Soviet Union and now Russia under Vladimir Putin have waged a struggle for strength and reputation in politics against the West for nearly a century.
In Kerala, tempers are running high, emotions are fragile, slogans of ‘Swamiye Ayyappo’ are echoing and human chains of men and women are being formed. --> In Kerala,agressive people are getting high, emotions are weakened, slogans of ‘Swamiye Ayyappo’ are heared on echo and human chains of men and women are being formed.
In a marked departure from his recent speeches, PM Modi refrained from spewing venom against his political rivals, especially the Congress. --> In a marked departure from his recent speeches, PM Modi refrained from getting aggresive against his political rivals, especially the Congress.
Opposition to the 15th Finance Commission’s Terms of Reference (ToR) continues to grow, with multiple leaders from south India throwing their hat into the ring. --> Opposition to the 15th Finance Commission’s Terms of Reference (ToR) continues to grow, with multiple leaders from south India trying to suceed the opposing task in the situation.
On the third of this astrologically quirky month, the BJP knocked the stuffing out of the Leftists in Tripura and the Congress in the rest of the northeast. --> On the third of this astrologically different month, the BJP knocked the mistakes of the Leftists in Tripura and the Congress in the rest of the northeast.
Both the seats are likely to witness a direct contest between the ruling Trinamool Congress and the BJP, even as the CPI(M) is trying hard to hold its ground in its erstwhile bastions. --> Both the seats are very close to experience a direct contest between the ruling Trinamool Congress and the BJP, even as the CPI(M) is working hard to hold its ground in its erstwhile bastions.
Only after the trust vote is done and dusted on Thursday will these MLAs will be free birds. --> Only after the trust vote is done and marked on Thursday will these MLAs will be getting the freedom from politics.
Despite losing Colin Munro for duck in the first over, DD turned around their horrible start as opener Prithvi Shaw and skipper Shreyas Iyer scored 48 runs in the 5-over powerplay. --> Despite losing Colin Munro for duck in the first over, DD turned around their very bad start as opener Prithvi Shaw and skipper Shreyas Iyer scored 48 runs in the 5-over powerplay.
Chennai Super Kings defeated Sunrisers Hyderabad by 4 runs in a nail biting encounter in Hyderabad on Sunday. --> Chennai Super Kings defeated Sunrisers Hyderabad by 4 runs in a very suspense encounter in Hyderabad on Sunday.
Ambati Rayudu’s burst of energy gave CSK the much-needed boost, before he got run out in the most freaky manner possible. --> Ambati Rayudu’s energetic innings gave CSK the much-needed boost, before he got run out in the most stupid manner possible.
Rajasthan Royals rode to victory over Mumbai Indians, relying heavily on Krishnappa Gowtham’s 33 runs off 11 balls, in a nail biting Indian Premier League (IPL) match on 22 April in Jaipur. --> Rajasthan Royals rode to victory over Mumbai Indians,highly depends on Krishnappa Gowtham’s 33 runs off 11 balls, in a suspensing Indian Premier League (IPL) match on 22 April in Jaipur.
Medium pacer Ben Laughlin drew first blood for Rajasthan as he sent back Rayudu in the fifth over. --> Medium pacer Ben Laughlin did first damage for Rajasthan as he sent back Rayudu in the fifth over.
Mumbai Indians had a disastrous start, but picked up pace soon after. --> Mumbai Indians had a very bad start, but picked up pace soon after.
Political temperatures in Karnataka are rising with Assembly polls less than 20 days away. --> political conflicts in Karnataka are rising with Assembly polls less than 20 days away.
After hoisting the saffron flag in the Northeast, the BJP juggernaut is headed towards the southern states, especially Karnataka. --> After hoisting the saffron flag in the Northeast, the BJP leader is headed towards the southern states, especially Karnataka.
The Congress, which is fighting for its existence, has also fastened its belt for the race in Karnataka. --> The Congress, which is fighting for its existence, has also become ready for the competition in Karnataka.
The BJP's embarassing defeat in the Gorakhpur and Phulphur by-elections has triggered several explanations. --> The BJP's insulted defeat in the Gorakhpur and Phulphur by-elections has offended several explanations.
They are locked in a political-economic battle with the Yadavs for a fair share of the agrarian pie. --> They are surrounded in a political-economic battle with the Yadavs for a fair share of the agrarian pie.
The BJP's shocking defeat in by-elections to two parliamentary constituencies in Uttar Pradesh and one in Bihar seems to have thrown the 2019 Lok Sabha contest wide open. --> The BJP's unexpected defeat in by-elections to two parliamentary constituencies in Uttar Pradesh and one in Bihar indicates to have expanded the 2019 Lok Sabha contest wide open.
His departure could dent the BJP’s fortunes in Rajasthan, which will be going to polls later this year. --> His departure could confirm the BJP'S success in Rajasthan, which will be going to polls later this year.
The Narendra Modi-led government is going hammer and tongs at the recently increased MSP on Kharif crops. --> The Narendra Modi-led government is going on a great rise at the recently increased MSP on Kharif crops.
Four years ago, the saffron party won the communally volatile Lok Sabha seat with over two lakh votes. --> Four years ago, the saffron party won the generally unstable Lok Sabha seat with over two lakh votes.
Political blame game is in full swing amid a cliffhanger in the Karnataka Assembly election results. --> Political blame act is in full speed amid a setback in the Karnataka Assembly election results.
The 99-year-old defeated Corona and gave confidence to the elders of the state. --> The 99-year-old defeated Corona and gave inspiration to the elders of the state.
After receiving the promise, Bipin became five-faced in his praise. --> After receiving the promise, Bipin became unsincere in his praise.
The question arises, why is it necessary to bring Congress workers for Rahul even while talking to the nurses! --> The question arises, why is important to get the Congress workers for Rahul even while talking to the nurses!
However, his gleaming two-storey house. --> However, his attractive two-storey house.
Communist leaders do not have the custom of celebrating birthdays. --> Communist leaders do not have the freedom of celebrating birthdays.
The message in the atmosphere of the alliance! --> The news in the environment of the alliance!
Somen Mitra, the President of the Provincial Congress, decided to surprise the Chairman of the Left Front, Bimanbabu, when he came to the Vidhan Bhaban on Monday to wish him a happy birthday. --> Somen Mitra, the President of the Provincial Congress, taken a decision to excite the Chairman of the Left Front, Bimanbabu, when he came to the Vidhan Bhaban on Monday to wish him a happy birthday.
BJP state president Dilip Ghosh complained loudly that grassroots leaders and activists were spreading corona. --> BJP state president Dilip Ghosh gave complaints in a very loud voice that grassroots leaders and activists were spreading corona.
They are attacking themselves in various gatherings without heeding the lock down and social distance rules and are spreading corona among others. --> They are approaching themselves in various gatherings without heeding the lock down and social distance rules and are spreading corona among others.
The MP is thinking of testing them as his own corona was caught. --> The MP is deciding to test them as his own corona was caught.
Therefore, the country is looking at whether it will be possible to fulfill the conditions of Independence Day even if it gets full government support. --> Therefore, the people of the country are thinking at whether it will be possible to fulfill the conditions of Independence Day even if it gets full government support.
The ambulance finally arrived a couple of hours later. --> The ambulance at last arrived a couple of hours later.
Due to the factionalism of the ruling party, the farmers' submission camp was shifted from Berberi to Singur BDO office on Monday. --> Due to the careless behaviour of the ruling party, the farmers' submission camp was shifted from Berberi to Singur BDO office on Monday.
In a meeting with the vice-chancellors last August, the education minister also emphasized on launching CBCS. --> In a meeting with the vice-chancellors last August, the education minister also focused on launching CBCS.
On this day, Parthababu emphasized on the appointment of teachers in colleges and universities. --> On this day, Parthababu focused on the appointment of teachers in colleges and universities.
He told the vice-chancellors that despite repeated instructions, the list of vacant posts was not being given to the College Service Commission CSC. --> He told the vice-chancellors that even after the repeatition of instructions, the list of vacant posts was not being given to the College Service Commission CSC.
The students of Jadavpur are clearly the target of his sarcasm. --> The students of Jadavpur are clearly the aim of his sarcasm.
The CBI has been embroiled in a financial scandal involving the Saradha group since questions were raised in court over the nature of the probe. --> The CBI has been highly involved in a financial scandal involving the Saradha group since questions were raised in court over the nature of the probe.
Apart from that, there is a need to conduct further search on Ramesh. --> Apart from that, there is a requirement to continue further search on Ramesh.
Tension in the hospital again. --> issues in the hospital again.
Bidhannagar mayor Sabyasachi Dutt was finally relieved to hear Mukul Roy's advice. --> Bidhannagar mayor Sabyasachi Dutt was finally getting relaxed to hear Mukul Roy's advice.
Naihati became heated in the unrest in Bhatpara-Kankinara. --> Naihati became very offended in the unrest in Bhatpara-Kankinara.
The local BJP leadership, however, is reluctant to call it a party quarrel. --> The local BJP leadership, however, is not sure to call it a party quarrel.
He also attacked BJP workers during the polls. --> He also opposed BJP workers during the polls.
At the same time, Joshi has increased the uneasiness of the party today as it was not right to expel Yashwant Singh from the party. --> At the same time, Joshi has increased the difficulties of the party today as it was not right to expel Yashwant Singh from the party.
Naturally, Vishnu was a bit cornered. --> Naturally, Vishnu was a slightly seperated from others.
Vishnu was forced to retreat. --> Vishnu was forced to treat again.
Aradhya is surprised. --> Aradhya is recieving something unexpected.
Modi is desperate to take advantage of polarization in the Goblet state. --> Modi is very eager to take advantage of polarization in the Goblet state.
On the other hand, Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath is trying to blame the incident in Uttar Pradesh by calling it a 'deterioration of law and order'. --> On the other hand, Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath is trying to make the incident in Uttar Pradesh responsible by calling it a 'deterioration of law and order'.
The BJP then blamed the Samajwadi Party. --> The BJP then made the Samajwadi Party responsible.
All these incidents have put pressure on the yogi. --> All these incidents have given stress on the yogi.
Many in the BJP say that the BJP is as frustrated  as the Congress in the propaganda that Modi's wind is blowing across the country. --> Many in the BJP say that the BJP is as irritated as the Congress in the propaganda that Modi's wind is blowing across the country.
In the last few days, they have spoken in various ways that have embarrassed the BJP and Modi. --> In the last few days, they have spoken in various ways that have felt the BJP and Modi insulted.
But all in all, there is no doubt that the BJP is getting muddy during the polls. --> But all in all, there is no doubt that the BJP is working very hard during the polls.
Maharashtra is abuzz with Dalit protests. --> Maharashtra is excited with Dalit protests.
Thane has also become hot. --> Thane has also become agressive.
New Year's Eve is great news for fans. --> New Year's Eve is very good news for fans.
The protagonist has emphasized on studying along. --> The protagonist has focused on studying along.
When this look inside the tunnel, the condition outside is also miserable. --> This look inside the tunnel shows how bad the condition outside as well.
The train service has also been greatly affected. --> The train service has also been significantly affected.
Australia says 94% of people aged over 16 have had at least two COVID­19 vaccinations. --> Australia says 94% of people aged over 16 have had at least two COVID­19 vaccinations.
Healthcare services expanded 41% to Rs2,018 crore, while pharmacy business grew by 16%. --> Healthcare services expanded 41% to Rs2,018 crore, while pharmacy business grew by 16%.
Officials briefed the Prime Minister about the emerging global scenario driven by the new variant, Omicron, with an overview of the surge in cases in countries with high vaccination coverage. --> The Prime Minister was informed by officials about the new worldwide scenario caused by the new strain, Omicron, along with a brief of the sharp increase in cases in nations with high vaccination rates.
Work with States Mr.Modi directed officials to ensure that the health systems in the States, beginning from the the district­level, were strengthened to meet any challenge posed by the new variant. --> Mr.Modi directed officials to work with states and to ensure that the health systems in the States, starting from the the district­level, were strengthened enough to meet any challenge posed by the new variant.
The Chief Minister said Delhi was largely safe from the virus and the government was prepared to deal with the Omicron variant at every level. --> The Chief Minister said Delhi was largely safe from the virus and the government was prepared to deal with the Omicron variant at every level.
Since antibodies were found in more than 95% of the population in the sero survey, the government averred the possibility of the Omicron variant outbreak being ‘minor’. --> The government declare that the possibility of the Omicron variant outbreak being ‘minor’,as sero survey saying more than 95% of the population are immuned.
While assuring citizens that the government had geared up to dealwith any eventuality, Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said, “We are keeping a close eye on the rising cases of Coronavirus. --> While assuring citizens that the government have prepared to deal with any eventuality, Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said, “We are keeping a close attention on the rising cases of Coronavirus.
Despite the growing criticism, President Xi Jinping on Thursday reiterated his backing for his government’s “zero COVID” approach. --> Despite the growing criticism, President Xi Jinping on Thursday again reminded his plans for his government’s “zero COVID” approach.
This, according to sources, was most likely to be discussed on Tuesday following which a government order proclaiming the implementation of the GRAP was expected to be announced. --> This, according to sources, was most expected to be discussed on Tuesday following which a government order proclaiming the implementation of the GRAP was expected to be announced.
However, the government did not confirm how many of these were Omicron cases. --> However, the government did not verified how many of these were Omicron cases
The proposal was welcomed by the Israeli government, which has struggled against a plateauing of turnout for vaccines. --> The proposal was accepted by the Israeli government, which has struggled against a plateauing of turnout for vaccines.
The government has already reversed its order removing the fine on masks. --> The government has already stopped its order removing the fine on masks.
China typically classifies Covid-related deaths more narrowly than many other countries, labeling some chronically ill patients who die while infected as victims of those other conditions. --> China typically classifies Covid-related deaths more secretly than many other countries, labeling some chronically ill patients who die while infected as victims of those other conditions.
But as an example of the hidden impacts, a prominent Chinese physician recently estimated that nearly 1,000 more diabetes patients could die than expected during Shanghai’s lockdown, urging the authorities to take a more measured response. --> But as an example of the hidden results, a prominent Chinese physician recently estimated that nearly 1,000 more diabetes patients could die than expected during Shanghai’s lockdown, urging the authorities to take a more measured response.
Beijing is unlikely to waver from its stringent approach. --> Beijing is unlikely to come out from its strict approach.
Many places, including the United States, Britain and Hong Kong, do not differentiate between people who die with Covid or die from Covid, as long as the coronavirus was a contributing factor. --> Many places, including the United States, Britain and Hong Kong, do not segregate between people who die with Covid or die from Covid, as long as the coronavirus was a contributing factor.
But the authorities continue to insist that a looser approach would be disastrous. --> But the authorities continue to insist that a looser approach would not be effective.
Canada “continues to take a measured approach to adjust border measures,” Canada’s health minister Jean-Yves Duclos tweeted. --> Canada “continues to take a measured approach to solve border measures,” Canada’s health minister Jean-Yves Duclos tweeted.
Mr.Lee credited Singapore's resilient healthcare system, an effective public health response and a high degree of public trust with making “a big difference” in weathering the pandemic. --> Mr.Lee credited Singapore's recovering healthcare system, an effective public health response and a high degree of public trust with making “a big difference” in weathering the pandemic.
Singapore will also turn to developing public health expertise, which he described as “absolutely critical” in a pandemic. --> Singapore will also turn to developing public health expertise, which he described as “very important” in a pandemic.
Beijing, the seat of China’s top leadership, went on high COVID-19 alert as the city braced to test some sections of the population after the city recorded 22 new community cases on Saturday. --> Beijing, the seat of China’s top leadership, went on high COVID-19 alert as the city is prepared to test some sections of the population after the city recorded 22 new community cases on Saturday.
“There were hidden transmissions for a week and the infected people came from different backgrounds and a wide range of activities,” Pang was quoted as saying by the Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post. --> “There were secret transmissions for a week and the infected people came from different backgrounds and a wide range of activities,” Pang was quoted as saying by the Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post.
The company has global aspirations for the antiviral pill, which is now being evaluated by Japanese regulators. --> The company has global expectations for the antiviral pill, which is now being evaluated by Japanese regulators.
government is in talks to acquire supplies of the drug. --> government is in discussions to acquire supplies of the drug.
Opposition RJD and Congress, however, took on the saffron party for going in "election mode” at a time the battle against coronavirus is yet to be won in a state where cases are still rising – as of Saturday evening, more than 4,500 positive cases. --> Opposition RJD and Congress, however, targeted the saffron party for going in "election mode” at a time the battle against coronavirus is yet to be won in a state where cases are still rising – as of Saturday evening, more than 4,500 positive cases.
According to the Ministry of External Affairs, Modi has spoken with leaders of more than 40 countries since March 11, when WHO declared a Covid pandemic. --> According to the Ministry of External Affairs, Modi has discussion with leaders of more than 40 countries since March 11, when WHO declared a Covid pandemic.
Thackeray, according to a statement issued by his office, has instructed the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) to restore power supply on a war-footing. Also, people evacuated to camps in Mumbai should be allowed to return only after their Covid-19 test, Thackeray added. --> Thackeray, according to a statement issued by his office, has instructed the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) to restore power supply on a war-footing. Also, people removed to camps in Mumbai should be allowed to return only after their Covid-19 test, Thackeray added.
The Prime Minister said the Covid-19 pandemic, in some ways, has exposed the limitations of global cooperation and that for the first time in recent history, humankind faces a clear common enemy. --> The Prime Minister said the Covid-19 pandemic, in some ways, has exposed the limitations of global cooperation and that for the first time in recent history, humanity faces a clear common problem.
The move follows Gujarat High Court’s (HC) observation on May 29 that approval from the government officer concerned need not be insisted upon before testing for “certain categories of patients” for Covid-19. --> The move follows Gujarat High Court’s (HC) observation on May 29 that approval from the government officer concerned need not be followed upon before testing for “certain categories of patients” for Covid-19.
The prime minister said that strengthening the economy is one of the top priorities alongside fighting coronavirus. --> The prime minister said that improving the economy is one of the top priorities alongside fighting coronavirus.
Mamata Banerjee blamed the Railways for undoing her government’s success in “controlling the spread of Covid-19 in the last two months” by sending trains packed with migrant labourers to the state without consulting her government. --> Mamata Banerjee blamed the Railways for the fall of her government’s success in “controlling the spread of Covid-19 in the last two months” by sending trains crowded with migrant labourers to the state without consulting her government.
The Congress called Vijayvargiya’s comments an attempt to whip up communal passions at a time when the country is struggling with the coronavirus pandemic. --> The Congress called Vijayvargiya’s comments an attempt to start the communal issues at a time when the country is struggling with the coronavirus pandemic.
Pakistan Foreign Office on Wednesday said that while the world is grappling with the unprecedented Covid-19 pandemic, "the RSS-BJP combine was advancing the Hindutva agenda". --> Pakistan Foreign Office on Wednesday said that while the world is grappling with the unprecedented Covid-19 pandemic, "the RSS-BJP combine was advancing the Hindutva agenda".
Pakistan Foreign Office (FO) in a statement on Wednesday night said that while the world is grappling with the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic, "the RSS-BJP combine" was advancing the "Hindutva" agenda. --> Pakistan Foreign Office (FO) in a statement on Wednesday night said that while the world is struggling with the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic, "the RSS-BJP combine" was advancing "Hindutva" agenda.
Pawar's meeting with the chief minister, held at Thackeray’s residence Matoshree, came as the main opposition BJP has stepped up its criticism of the Thackeray government's alleged mishandling of the Covid-19 crisis in Maharashtra. --> Pawar's meeting with the chief minister, held at Thackeray’s residence Matoshree, came as the main opposition BJP has put forward its criticism of the Thackeray government's alleged handling of the Covid-19 crisis in Maharashtra in a wrong way.
Rahul’s remarks also come at a time when the BJP is sharpening its attack on the Thackeray government over its handling of the crisis. Maharashtra now has nearly one-third of the corona cases in India. --> Rahul’s remarks also come at a time when the BJP is focusing its attack on the Thackeray government over its handling of the crisis. Maharashtra now has nearly one-third of the corona cases in India.
On state BJP's demand for an economic package, Uddhav Thackeray described the Centre's fiscal package as nothing but a hollow promise. Uddhav is under fire from the BJP, which has been protesting his handling of the Covid-19 crisis. --> On state BJP's demand for an economic package, Uddhav Thackeray described the Centre's fiscal package as nothing but a fake promise. Uddhav is under target from the BJP, which has been protesting his handling of the Covid-19 crisis.
“Had an excellent talk with President GotabayaR. Sri Lanka is fighting COVID-19 effectively under his leadership. India will continue to support our close maritime neighbour in dealing with the pandemic and its economic impact,” the Prime Minister tweeted. --> “Had a good discussion with President GotabayaR. Sri Lanka is facing COVID-19 effectively under his leadership. India will continue to support our close maritime neighbour in dealing with the pandemic and its economic impact,” the Prime Minister tweeted.
President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on Friday paid tribute to several American heroes who are helping on the front lines of the coronavirus crisis, including Girl Scouts from Maryland who donated cookies to nurses and firefighters. --> President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on Friday paid tribute to several American heroes who are helping on the danger way of the coronavirus crisis, including Girl Scouts from Maryland who donated cookies to nurses and firefighters.
This is the first time India has taken a position in an international forum on the origin of the virus and the need for an independent evaluation of WHO’s response to the crisis. So far, New Delhi had maintained that it is engaged in the fight against Covid-19, and will revisit the issue after the crisis is over. --> This is the first time India has taken a participation in an international forum on the origin of the virus and the need for an independent evaluation of WHO’s response to the crisis. So far, New Delhi had maintained that it is engaged in the fight against Covid-19, and will revisit the issue after the crisis is over.
The government has announced measures to help businesses, including micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs), recover from the economic impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. --> The government has announced its plans to help businesses, including micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs), recover from the economic effect of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.
INS Jalashwa, carrying as many as 700 Indian nationals from the Maldives as part of the Operation Samudra Setu of the Indian Navy, arrived at the Kochi Port on Sunday. --> INS Jalashwa, containing as many as 700 Indian nationals from the Maldives as part of the Operation Samudra Setu of the Indian Navy, arrived at the Kochi Port on Sunday.
The move comes after ICMR, on April 13, issued a tender asking central PSUs to act as procurement agencies for essential supplies related to COVID-19 testing. --> The move comes after ICMR, on April 13, issued a tender asking central PSUs to act as purchasing agencies for essential supplies related to COVID-19 testing.
The state public health department has roped in mosques and local Maulanas to relay Covid awareness messages to community. --> The state public health department has became dependent on mosques and local Maulanas to relay Covid awareness messages to community.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday questioned the government over the criteria it adopted to judge how long the COVID-19-induced lockdown will continue. --> Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday questioned the government over the criteria it adopted to judge how long the COVID-19 caused lockdown will continue.
The government’s flagship Covid-19 mobile application is designed to trace all the people a positive case would have come in contact with 14 days before case detection. --> The government’s flagship Covid-19 mobile application is made in such a way that it declares all the people a positive case would have come in contact with 14 days before case detection.
Underlining the importance of Myanmar as a vital pillar of India's Neighbourhood First Policy, Prime Minister Modi conveyed India's readiness to provide all possible support to Myanmar for mitigating the health and economic impact of COVID-19. --> Underlining the importance of Myanmar as a important part of India's Neighbourhood First Policy, Prime Minister Modi conveyed India's readiness to provide all possible support to Myanmar for making them feel relieved from the health and economic impact of COVID-19.
The Opposition party Congress accused the government of using the corona epidemic to promote its ministers. --> The Opposition party Congress said that the government is using the corona epidemic to promote its ministers.
Reiterating his party's stand on the MSME sector, Chidambaram urged the government to announce a special package for the sector and provide financial assistance to states to fight the novel coronavirus pandemic. --> Reiterating his party's stand on the MSME sector, Chidambaram requested to the government to announce a special package for the sector and provide financial assistance to states to fight the novel coronavirus pandemic.
Teltumbde through his lawyers had moved a plea seeking temporary citing the Covid-19 outbreak and his susceptibility to it due to his health condition. The NIA, however, opposed the plea stating that the offence was serious. --> Teltumbde through his lawyers had moved a plea seeking temporary starting the Covid-19 outbreak and his probabililty to it due to his health condition. The NIA, however, opposed the plea stating that the offence was serious.
The chief ministers of Punjab, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh and Puducherry demanded a financial package for the states to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic. --> The chief ministers of Punjab, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh and Puducherry demanded a financial assistance for the states to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic.
He hailed the Modi government's steps in fighting COVID-19 such as adopting a national lockdown, expanding focused testing to identify hotspots for isolation, quarantining, and care, and significantly increasing health expenditures to strengthen the health system response and promoting Research and Development and digital innovation. --> He greeted the Modi government's steps in fighting COVID-19 such as adopting a national lockdown, expanding focused testing to identify hotspots for isolation, quarantining, and care, and significantly increasing health expenditures to strengthen the health system response and promoting Research and Development and digital innovation.
The TMC responded to the Home Affairs letter by saying that while states were busy fighting coronavirus, the Centre was fighting the states. --> The TMC responded to the Home Affairs letter by saying that while states were busy in facing coronavirus, the Centre was opposing the states.
Adityanath expressed his helplessness in attending the funeral, as he is in the middle of working out a strategy to combat the spread of coronavirus in the state. --> Adityanath expressed his helplessness in attending the funeral, as he is in the middle of working out a strategy to stop the spread of coronavirus in the state.
With those in the medical fraternity raising similar concerns over the state's "hush-hush" approach, opposition parties are now accusing the government of doing little to stem the rise of the Covid-19 cases, a charged denied by the ruling Trinamool Congress. --> With those in the medical fraternity raising similar concerns over the state's "hush-hush" approach, opposition parties are now saying that the government is responsible of doing little to decrease the rise of the Covid-19 cases, a charged denied by the ruling Trinamool Congress.
Uttar Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Thursday ordered attachment of properties of people involved in the attack, if they fail to pay for the damage to public property. --> Uttar Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Thursday ordered attachment of photocopies of properties of people involved in the attack, if they fail to pay for the damage they had done to public property.
The national leadership of the BJP and Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan have been under pressure to appoint ministers at a time when the state is witnessing a rapid spread of COVID-19. --> The national leadership of the BJP and Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan have been in a pressure condition to appoint ministers at a time when the state is facing a rapid spread of COVID-19.
The Ministry of External Affairs has been helping a number of foreign missions to evacuate their citizens stranded in India after it closed the border crossing points and restricted operation of passenger flights as part of measures to fight the coronavirus pandemic. --> The Ministry of External Affairs has been helping a number of foreign missions to remove their citizens left stuck in India after it closed the border crossing points and restricted operation of passenger flights as part of measures to fight the coronavirus pandemic.
Extending support to the decision to extend the lockdown, the Congress slammed PM Modi for not spelling out a concrete roadmap for revival of the economy. --> Extending support to the decision to extend the lockdown, the Congress criticised PM Modi for not spelling out a strong plan for revival of the economy.
Hours after Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India is in a much better position than many other nations in COVID-19 fight, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said India was doing only 149 tests per million and was nowhere in the game. --> Hours after Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India is in a much better condition than many other nations in COVID-19 fight, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said India was doing only 149 tests per million and was not seen in the process.
This comes after many supporters of the BJP, especially on social media, cited the outbreak linked to Tablighi Jamaat event in Delhi to fuel campaigns like “CoronaJihad” and “Markaz Conspiracy”. --> This comes after many supporters of the BJP, especially on social media, reffered the outbreak linked to Tablighi Jamaat event in Delhi to strengthen campaigns like “CoronaJihad” and “Markaz Conspiracy”.
The Chief Minister had called leaders of opposition parties today on phone to hold discussion on measures for combating COVID-19. Later, he also tweeted about his calls. --> The Chief Minister had called leaders of opposition parties today on phone to hold discussion on measures for solving the issues of COVID-19. Later, he also tweeted about his calls.
The PM on Friday urged people to switch off lights at home and light lamps, candles or switch on mobile phone torches for nine minutes at 9 pm on Sunday to display the country's “collective resolve” to defeat coronavirus. --> The PM on Friday requested people to switch off lights at home and light lamps, candles or switch on mobile phone torches for nine minutes at 9 pm on Sunday to show the country's “collective resolve” to defeat coronavirus.
Out of nowhere, members such as K C Venugopal, Rajiv Satav and Randeep Surjewala urged Rahul Gandhi to hold a meeting with state Congress presidents and Congress legislature party leaders to discuss the situation in states on account of the coronavirus pandemic. --> Unexpectedly, members such as K C Venugopal, Rajiv Satav and Randeep Surjewala insisted Rahul Gandhi to hold a meeting with state Congress presidents and Congress legislature party leaders to discuss the situation in states on account of the coronavirus pandemic.
Omar Abdullah questioned the timing of the move amid prevailing situation owing to Covid-19 outbreak. --> Omar Abdullah aked the timing of the move amid current situation owing to Covid-19 outbreak.
The PM’s interaction with the envoys, part of a video conference with about 130 Indian envoys across the world, was to discuss responses to the global COVID-19 pandemic. --> The PM’s meeting with the envoys, part of a video conference with about 130 Indian envoys across the world, was to discuss the responses the global COVID-19 pandemic.
Referring to the thousands of migrant workers stranded on the roads, the Congress said unpreparedness of the government which led to such a congregation may have led to a humongous increased risk of COVID-19 to this nation. --> Referring to the thousands of migrant workers stucked on the roads, the Congress said unpreparedness of the government which led to such a crowd gathering may have led to a very highly increased risk of COVID-19 to this nation.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemned the attack, and New Delhi said “such cowardly attacks” at the time of the COVID-19 pandemic is reflective of the “diabolical mindset” of the perpetrators and their backers. --> Prime Minister Narendra Modi criticized the attack, and New Delhi said “such cowardly attacks” at the time of the COVID-19 pandemic is reflective of the “diabolical mindset” of the perpetrators and their supporters.
Amid the battle to contain the spread of coronavirus, in Karnataka, a battle of one-upmanship for media presence and control of resources has emerged between two ministers in the health ministry, forcing Chief Minister B S Yediyurappa to intervene. --> Amid the battle to contain the spread of coronavirus, in Karnataka, a battle of gaining superiority for media presence and control of resources has emerged between two ministers in the health ministry, forcing Chief Minister B S Yediyurappa to intervene.
The idea has been inspired by the South Korean government, which is using a mobile app to track suspected and confirmed COVID-19 patients, and has managed to control the outbreak noticeably by this and other measures. --> The idea has been inspired by the South Korean government, which is using a mobile app to track expected and verified COVID-19 patients, and has managed to control the outbreak noticeably by this and other measures.
“I spoke to Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray on Sunday about the proactive steps that need to be taken to stop coronavirus from spreading. The government might soon make a decision in this connection as it was already planning to move faster,” said Chavan. --> “I spoke to Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray on Sunday about the highly required steps that need to be taken to stop coronavirus from spreading. The government might soon make a decision in this connection as it was already planning to move faster,” said Chavan.
PM Narendra Modi organised a video conference of SAARC leaders to formulate a strategy to combat coronavirus in the South Asian region. --> PM Narendra Modi organised a video conference of SAARC leaders to formulate a strategy to deal with coronavirus in the South Asian region.
"Those who died in Delhi violence, didn't die of coronavirus or any other disease. If they had died from the virus, we would have at least known they died due to a dreaded disease," West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said. --> "Those who died in Delhi violence, didn't die of coronavirus or any other disease. If they had died from the virus, we would have at least known they died due to a deadly disease," West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said.
India was to send a C-17 military transport aircraft to Wuhan, the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak, on February 20 but the plane could not take off as permission was not granted for the flight. "China is deliberately delaying grant of clearance for the evacuation flight," a high-level source said. --> India was to send a C-17 military transport aircraft to Wuhan, the creation place of the coronavirus outbreak, on February 20 but the plane could not take off as permission was not granted for the flight. "China is intenionally delaying grant of clearance for the evacuation flight," a high-level source said.
The move is significant in the backdrop of the novel coronavirus outbreak in China, and disruption of global supply chains. --> The move is significant in the fall of the novel coronavirus outbreak in China, and creating problems in global supply chains.
A senior minister in the Lankan government stated that the island nation's tourism sector, which had begun to recover from the blows of the Easter blasts, received another challenge of coronavirus outbreak, which prompted the government to extend the scheme. --> A senior minister in the Lankan government stated that the island nation's tourism sector, which had begun to recover from the issues of the Easter blasts, received another challenge of coronavirus outbreak, which caused the government to extend the scheme.
Chinese demand has lifted fortunes of groundnut farmers, even as the coronavirus outbreak can be a spoiler . --> Chinese demand has lifted income of groundnut farmers, even as the coronavirus outbreak can be a difficulty for them.
Sources said the price cap on coronary stents is “critical” to the success of Ayushman Bharat — the government’s flagship health coverage scheme. --> Sources said the price cap on coronary obstacles is “critical” to the success of Ayushman Bharat — the government’s flagship health coverage scheme.
The unfolding COVID-19 pandemic is rapidly emerging as the biggest test of his prime ministership. --> The unfolding COVID-19 pandemic is fastly coming out as the biggest test of his prime ministership.
Aarogya Setu is an app that the government of India has developed for tracking people who come in close contact with COVID-19 positive people or whoever shows symptoms of coronavirus. --> Aarogya Setu is an app that the government of India has developed for identifying people who come in close contact with COVID-19 positive people or whoever shows symptoms of coronavirus.
International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Gita Gopinath on Wednesday appreciated India's efforts in containing the coronavirus virus, saying that she expects more in terms of scale in the near future. --> International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Gita Gopinath on Wednesday appreciated India's efforts in dealing with the coronavirus virus, saying that she expects more in terms of scale in the near future.
Gopinath also expressed concerns over countries slipping into deglobalisation in the process of recovery from the global pandemic caused by the novel coronavirus outbreak. --> Gopinath also expressed concerns over countries coming closer into deglobalisation in the process of recovery from the global pandemic caused by the novel coronavirus outbreak.
PM Modi noted that this package, taken together with earlier announcements by the government during covid-19 crisis and decisions taken by RBI, is to the tune of ₹20 lakh crore, which is equivalent to almost 10% of India’s GDP. --> PM Modi noted that this package, taken together with earlier announcements by the government during covid-19 crisis and decisions taken by RBI, is to the tune of ₹20 lakh crore, which is equivalent to almost 10% of India’s GDP.
Under Delhi government’s ongoing efforts to expand health infrastructure, chief minister Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday inaugurated a 200-bed Covid hospital in Ambedkar Nagar. --> Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday inaugurated a 200-bed Covid hospital in Ambedkar Nagar as part of the Delhi government's ongoing efforts to enhance the city's healthcare infrastructure.
This, however, doesn’t include any fresh case of Covid-19 among the people taken out from Nizamuddin mosque as the government claimed their test reports were awaited. --> This, however, excludes  any newly reported case of Covid-19 among those removed from the Nizamuddin Mosque, since the government claimed their test results were still pending.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday signalled a major push to boost investments in the country and capture a part of the supply chain that is expected to move out of China as global corporations look to diversify their production base in the aftermath of Covid-19. --> On Thursday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi hinted at a strong effort to increase investments in the country and acquire a part of the supply chain that is expected to leave China as global corporations look to diversify their production bases in the aftereffect of Covid-19.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi's dialogue with Nobel Laureate Abhijit Banerjee on dealing with the economic fallout of the COVID-19 crisis will be aired on Tuesday as part of his series of deliberations with experts on economy and health. --> As a part of his series of discussions with experts on the economy and health, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi's dialogue with Nobel Laureate Abhijit Banerjee on dealing with the economic implications of the COVID-19 crisis will be broadcasted on Tuesday.
Public health analyst Dr Ravi Duggal said that while Maharashtra and Kerala were on a par in March. the southern state managed to control Covid in April while Mumbai has seen a worsening of the outbreak. --> According to public health specialist Dr. Ravi Duggal while Kerala and Maharashtra had similar rates of disease in March, the southern state was able to control Covid in April, but the outbreak in Mumbai has gotten worse.
India’s contact tracing app Aarogya Setu, mandatory for those work in private and government offices, has been in the eye of a storm over privacy and security concerns. --> India's contact tracing app Aarogya Setu, which is mandatory for employees in both private and public offices, has drawn attention due to privacy and security issues.
Days after cornering the government on fewer Covid-19 tests, the Telangana HC on Thursday gave relief to the state, expressing its reluctance to force the government to conduct tests in a massive way and test even those with no symptoms at all. --> Days after pressuring the government on fewer Covid-19 tests, the Telangana HC on Thursday provided relief to the state by expressing its unwillingness to force the government to conduct tests in a large scale and test even those with no symptoms at all, 
However, Guatemala and Mexico became more aggressive in breaking up the caravans. --> However, Guatemala and Mexico intensified their efforts to disperse the caravans.
They will be given financial assistance under an Uttar Pradesh government scheme. --> They will receive financial support as a part of the government's scheme in Uttar Pradesh.
The initiative, announced by Yogi Adityanath, is on the lines of the PM Cares for Children Scheme launched to support orphaned children in May 2021. --> Yogi Adityanath's initiative is similar to the PM Cares for Children Scheme, which was designed to support orphaned children in May 2021.
Maharashtra on Thursday became one of the first states in the country to remove all pandemic-related curbs from April 1 midnight. --> Maharashtra on Thursday became one of the first states in the country to remove all pandemic-related prohibitions from April 1 midnight.
In India, the manner in which the Left front government managed the pandemic earned domestic and international acclaim. --> India's Left front government earned recognition both at domestic and international levels for how it handled the pandemic.
Mr.Yechury showered more praise on the CPI(M) led government in Kerala for uncompromisingly upholding secularism and equality. --> Mr. Yechury appreciate Kerala's CPI(M)-led government for its continuous encouragement of equality and secularism.
Dahiya is one of the 93 nursing officers who worked with the Delhi government during the second wave of the pandemic and has been protesting for the past 15 days over the termination of her job. --> Dahiya, one of the 93 nursing officers who worked for the Delhi government during the second pandemic wave has been opposing the loss of her employment for the past 15 days.
“We took a lot of risk to work, but now we have been shown the door. --> We put a lot of risk into our work, but now we're being fired.
The Telangana government’s budget allocation to health sector for the financial year 2022­23 is anticipated to be higher than in the current year (2021­22), which is drawing to an end. --> It is predicted that the Telangana government would provide more money to the health sector in the upcoming financial year (2022–2033) than it did in the just-ending financial year (2021–2022).
However, the anticipation is accompanied by wariness since the allocation to the sector for 2021­22 increased by only ₹109 crore from the previous year (2020­21). --> As the allocation to the sector for 2021–22 grew by only 109 crore from the prior year (2020–21), the anticipation is associated with concern.
As Congress took to the streets protesting outside former Chief Minister and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Devendra Fadnavis’ residence demanding an apology from Prime Minister Narendra Modi over his comments linking Maharashtra to the spread of COVID­19 in the country, the Shiv Sena too took an aggressive stand on Monday. --> On Monday, the Shiv Sena also took an angry stance as the Congress protested outside the residence of former chief minister and BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis, seeking an apology from Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his comments linking Maharashtra to the nationwide spread of COVID-19.
C.Venugopal.Under attack, the Kerala BJP’s K. Surendran claimed Mr.Adityanath’s view was a commentary on the alleged misgovernance that had affected Kerala’s growth, and questioned why Chief Minister Vijayan flew to the U.S. --> C.Venugopal is in trouble, As per the Kerala BJP’s K. Surendran, Mr.Adityanath’s view was a commentary on the alleged misgovernance that had affected Kerala’s growth, and questioned why Chief Minister Vijayan flew to the U.S.
Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Thursday invoked the mismanagement of the economy by the United Progressive Alliance government following the global financial crisis of 2008 to draw a contrast with the government’s deft management of the “once­in­a­century” situation created by the COVID­19 pandemic, in her response to the debate on the Union Budget 2022­23 in the Lok Sabha. --> In her response to the Lok Sabha debate on the Union Budget 2022–23, Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Thursday contrasted the government's skillful handling of the "once-in-a-century" situation brought on by the COVID­19 pandemic with the United Progressive Alliance government's mismanagement of the economy following the global financial crisis of 2008.
Sitharaman said that the ‘Andh Kaal’ (era of darkness) referred to by a member actually occurred due to the Congress. --> According to Sitaraman Congress is responsible for the 'Andh Kal' (era of darkness) that a member refers to.
What does it mean­ ? Today, despite the intense crisis, the CPI is well­contained and is only 6.2% showing that we managed the economy much better now,” she argued. --> What does it mean­ ? Today, despite the intense crisis, the CPI is well­contained and is only 6.2% showing that we managed the economy much better now,” she argued.
Stressing that many MPs had raised wild allegations about the economy and thrown several questions about inflation worries, Ms. --> She emphasised that several MPs had made outrageous claims about the economy and asked multiple questions concerning concerns about inflation.
Johnson in political jeopardy, with several MPs from his Conservative party publicly calling for his resignation, although he denies any wrongdoing. --> Although Johnson denies any wrongdoing, his political career is in risk as some MPs from his Conservative party publicly asking for his resignation,
To make matters worse, the government, despite its celebrated ‘Make in India’ campaign, has lent little support, allege entrepreneurs. --> Despite of its well-known "Make in India" campaign, the government has provided inadequate help to the entrepeneurs, which make the matter worse.
Rahul says no help has come his way despite the claims of the government to support start­ups through its ‘Make in India’ initiative and offers from banks to provide credit to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises. --> As per Rahul, he has not received any assistance from the governmenmt despite the government's claim to encourage start-ups through its "Make in India" initiative and offers bank credit to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises,
The big fish are eating the small fish, and there is no support from the government. --> The big fish are eating the small fish, and there is no support from the government.
The grouping announced plans for a Quad summit between Prime Minister Narendra Modi, U.S. President Joe Biden, Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison and Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida in Tokyo in the “first half of 2022”. --> The grouping announced plans for a Quad summit between Prime Minister Narendra Modi, U.S. President Joe Biden, Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison and Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida in Tokyo in the “first half of 2022”.
“This is a deliberate move to stoke confrontation and undermine international solidarity and cooperation,” spokesperson Zhao Lijan said in Beijing, calling on Quad countries to “abandon the outdated Cold War mentality”. --> “This is a deliberate move to stoke confrontation and undermine international solidarity and cooperation,” spokesperson Zhao Lijan said in Beijing, calling on Quad countries to “abandon the outdated Cold War mentality”.
The leaders sat at opposite ends of an unusually long table in the Kremlin on Monday, when Mr. Macron came to Moscow with a mission to defuse fears of a Russian invasion of Ukraine. --> On Monday, When Mr. Macron came to Moscow with a mission to defuse tensions about a Russian invasion of Ukraine, the presidents sat at opposite ends of a very long table in the Kremlin.
The table drew much ridicule online, and raised more eyebrows when Mr. Putin sat at a tiny table with the Kazakh president, a close ally, three days later. --> The table received a lot of online mockery, when Mr. Putin sat at a small table with the Kazakh president, a close ally, three days later.
The Government attributed the hike to the rise in fuel prices. --> The Government linked the hike with the rise in fuel prices.
Seen in its entirety, this is in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s vision of “sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabka vishwas”. --> Overall, this is consistent with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision of "sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabka vishwas."
And yet, few nations have a policy to counter this pernicious problem. --> However few nations still have a policy to counter this harmful problem.

